The Seiko "Black Monster" is making watch history right in front of our eyes. Everyone interested in an automatc dive watch should look at this or its Orange, Blue or Yellow brothers as a "must have" watch. Every collector I know - no matter how expansive or selective - has a Monster in the watchbox.I am the owner of the Orange, Blue, Yellow, and Black Monster watches. The Blue is a "Limited Production" model - only so many made each year -- the Yellow Monster is already a legend -- only 300 made in it's Limited Edition and is no longer available through retail channels. Be prepared to bid at auction for this model.So - what makes the "Monsters" watches of legend...?The Black Monster's 42mm case is 316L stainless steel - featuring the Seiko made 7S26 21 jewel mechanical movement - not the best timekeeper in the world -- but accurate enough for most of us -- 15sec +/- daily. The movement is not able to "hack" and is not manually windable. Either you wear it every day or put it on a programmable watchwinder to avoid resetting the time/day/date. With screwdown crown at the 4 o'clock and screw-in back - the Black Monster easily is rated at 200M water resistance.The day/date is at the 3 o'clock and gives a good clear read - the watch face offering no magnification window. The change of day date can take up to 3 hours - not good for folks working the night shift. The plastic day/date wheels are of a self lubricating plastic and should give many years of trouble free performance.The stainless steel unidirectional scalloped bezel moves freely at 120 clicks to the minute. A perfect match to the sculptured case - the bezel also offers protection to the watch crystal.Seiko's "Hardlex" treated mineral glass crystal is scratch resistant - but not nearly so as the preferrable sapphire crystal found on the Blue or Yellow Monster. It is convex domed to not protrude above the bezel. The black watch face neatly sets off Seiko's patented lume material set on indices on the watch face and hands. The monster series is famous for it's torchlight lume - making every other diver in it's class pale with envy. The white watch hands are readable in low light, but might have been black outlined around the lume material (as in the Yellow Monster) for even greater visabiliy and readability in poor lighting conditions.The triple safety clasp stainless steel pinned link bracelet is already a legend. A great looking and most comfortable design, it also features a wetsuit deployment clasp - not always found on a watch of this price. Recommend a thorough rinsing of this band after diving in salt water. With solid end links and unique Seiko pattern - it is a thing of beauty.Available in either a ss bracelet or rubber strap - the Black Monster is a fantastic value when purchasing it with the stainless steel bracelet - an after market rubber strap from Seiko is available... but you save up to $50 in value by buying the ss bracelet over the rubber strap model.A boldly designed heavy watch - you should have no hestitation wearing this or it's Orange Monster brother (see my review) as an everyday watch or water sport diver. Manufactured in either Singapore or Japan (Japanese model is always preferrable - so always ask before you buy), this under $200 watch from Amazon vendors is a must buy for any diver, boater or swimmer. You cannot buy a better watch for the money.This watch is not sold as Seiko USA stockage - this is a gray market watch that most Seiko dealers will not service. Buy from reputable vendors that WILL servive this timepiece in the unlikely event anything goes wrong. To learn more about affordable watches from Amazon I recommend WisTalk.com or InvictaTalk.com - places where your watch questions can be answered.