"Cobra Cotton Bucket Hat Great for Golf" is a universally versatile hat, eminently preferable over the hideous and ever-present baseball hats I see today. Most commonly known by the names Fishing hat, Bucket hat, Golf hat and I have even heard these called Climber's hat.In this medium-weight cotton this type of hat is a godsend.  Not only suitable for those rancidly hot summer days but also--I find, anyway--greatly comforting in the winter. (However, I would not surrender my winter hats for anybody!)The best the hats have to offer aside from protection is their rather handsome look. Don't be fooled just because old Henry Fonda wore one inOn Golden Pond(he was wearing a slightly inferior model). Mine have always had snap-brims, which believe it or not look quite fine, a bit like a slouch hat modified into a fedora. In fact I think in certain other countries besides America, this hat is considered a type of slouch, as it is descended from a marriage between the slouch of Australia and the modern American sailor's hat.In the very olden days, this type of hat was referred to as a sailor's hat--as were many other styles. One thing that stirs a bit of treason in me is the delightful practice of snapping the entire brim up: it becomes a porkpie hat then! This particular hat has all I love: no hatband, vent-holes and a useful, finely made snap-brim. One must be rather picky about such items.I prefer mine to have a 2 1/4 inch brim and vent-holes on the sides. It's a classic old look I recall from my childhood on men sufficiently confident and competent enough to wear them while sporting or working in their yards. As to golfing, of that I know next to nothing. What I can say as a final heap of praise for this type of hat: nothing except a beret can match this for rolling up and stowing in the pocket.If you wear hats at all, you cannot do without a few of these. I have worn them all my life, and I can think of nothing more comfortable, protective or useful in the way of headgear.WARNING: Be conscious you have found a high quality cotton hat when shopping--the Cobra is just one such hat. Some of those monstrosities out there are badly made and somewhat misshapen; some are made of the most lousy stiff material. One way to spot one of those from a distance is to see whether it has some manner of bi-color or tri-color hatband. Keep away from them!