Sizing: I am a size 4, a 27 inch waist, 32C, and 5'6" tall. I bought a M; it was the right size for me.Purpose: After an abdominal surgery, I needed (upper and lower) abdominal compression.  I was recommended a medical product, or Spanx.  (This product would also work well as a post pregnancy compression device (to help you get back your figure).  [Similar surgeries, different circumstances]).I did not like Spanx designs or prices (Designs are long panties worn over a bra or short panties with attached bra.  I wanted to use my own bra and panties).I found medical products to be expensive, poorly designed, ugly, and made with cheap materials.  (Even on Amazon, see here: http://www.amazon.com/C-Section-Recovery-Incision-Compression-Abdominal/dp/B004PBH7J2).This garment works very well for my purpose.  I would recommend it highly in place of medical abdominal compression devices (makemeheal, by macom, or others).  The material is of superior quality and feels nice against your skin.  Already my posture has improved.  I'm hoping to even out some lumps from an abdominal surgery with this garment.  Do not use this in the few months after surgery if you have had a TRAM or DIEP flap; it causes tissue death.  FYI.Fit: It comes right under the bra, and a few inches into your (hip hugger) jeans.  So it will cover any love handle or tummy bulge you may have.Washable: I don't know yet.  Will update as I try.Visible under clothing: Under summer weight t-shirts, definitely visible.  Likely visible under tank tops and very thin-materialled clothing as well.  Under normal (men's-type) t-shirts, not visible.  You'll be fine in Fall, Winter and Spring (if you live in Chicago, like me).  Summer, hit or miss.  I bought black, and you can make out the (boning?) and hook and eye closures under my beige light weight summer shirt.  The black itself not so much.  So I'd buy the black color, it seems more useful if you're just going to buy one of these (like I am).Good luck with your recovery, I hope this product helps you.