This is the first review I've ever written for Amazon. I stand by my word when I say that Sanuk Yoga Mat Sandals are the most comfortable sandals I've ever worn so far in my life. When it comes to shoes, comfort is the number one thing I look for. And even though I love wearing Crocs, SAS, RYKA, Skechers, and Havaianas, the Sanuk Yoga Mat sandals have become my favorite shoe and brand. I was first introduced to the Sanuk brand when I went shopping at John's Pass Village & Boardwalk in Florida. I went shopping as a reward for undergoing surgery this year. I wanted to get my mind off of the pain from my surgery. The name "Sanuk" caught my eye because I'm Thai-American, and Sanuk means "fun" in Thai. I started smiling because I saw the smiles on the soles of the sandals. And Thailand is known as being "the land of smiles". Looking at these shoes just brought warm feelings for me because I thought about my family in America and my relatives in Thailand. At John's Pass, when I was talking to the store clerk about the Sanuk line, he said that I had a good eye because the Sanuk sandals were the top selling sandals at his store. I bought the Sanuk Yoga Mat Sandal for myself and a co-worker at home for her upcoming birthday. Then later on, I started buying more Sanuk Yoga Mat sandals online. I'm so glad that Sanuk Yoga Mat sandals exist. They are so comfortable and functional. You can walk for hours in these shoes. They're nice looking enough that during the warm weather season, I wear these sandals at my workplace. I highly recommend these shoes. For anyone suffering from any physical pain, you will feel better walking in these sandals. If I didn't care or feel strongly about something, I wouldn't have wasted my time or energy writing this review. But I truly feel that many women won't regret buying these sandals. I even bought some Sanuk sandals for my father. I've been a longtime and loyal customer of Amazon since my Graduate School days, and I'm so glad that Amazon has the Sanuk Yoga Mat Sandals for Amazon customers to buy. These sandals are truly a "feel good" product. If you want to feel good and smile, buy these shoes.