I own the medium size micro fiber bag, which I think are a bit big for everyday use.  As a travel purse, it's perfect, because I need to carry a bit more than normal, things like a camcorder or camera, water, souvenirs, etc.  It can get quite heavy, but I stuff it and throw it around so that it hangs across my back with the heaviest part of the bag at my lower back.  That takes the weight off my upper body and distributes it down lower.  I don't have the best posture, so I can get major backpain with a backpack.  This bag doesn't cause me such problems.MATERIALThe material is easy to clean and wears well.  I don't use it everyday, but I've taken the bag on a few trips to Alaska and Hawaii and Mexico and elsewhere.  Considering how much weight I put in it and how I abuse the zipper trying to shut it, it's still in good condition; and if I were to sell it now,  I would list it as "like new" condition.DESIGNThe most useful pockets are the ones on the inside and outside with zippers or a flap.  I don't find any of the other pockets useful, because they are hard to reach and impractical to use.  That is one of its design flaws.  Except for the three pockets with a zipper or flap, the rest are not very useful.  Digging around for those inside pockets is not easy when the bag is full.  The inside pockets are positioned along the sides and back of the bag, all except one are in a vertical position.  Well, when I'm wearing the bag across my back, I just swing the bag around to open it and I am opening the bag in a horizontal position, with the zippered opening facing up at me.  Isn't that how most purses look when we open them?I try putting water bottles in the outside rear pocket.  It looks made for that.  They stay there until the purse goes sideways (I.e., I swing the bag around to open it).Maybe I'm not supposed to swing the bag around the way I do, but it's the easiest way to get into my bag.  Just wish the pockets were designed with that in mind.Pros:+easier on the back than a backpack+well-made, quality material will lastCons:-most pockets are impractical to useSUMMARYFor the most part, the bag is just one huge receptacle where I throw everything on my trips.  It does what it says it does with regard to being easier on my back.  I wouldn't use it as an everyday bag because it's too big for me to use that way and the pockets would leave me frustrated.  Overall, it's a quality bag and I do like using it for trips.