Face it, we are all looking for that perfect product that will not only suck in every inch of fat from every part of your body but will also be so incredibly comfortable that we barely notice we are wearing it!  Well, it doesn't exist.  Or if it does, it comes at a tremendous price (and I'm not just talking financial).  I am 56 so am old enough to remember when the first shapewear (SPANX!) came on the market.  Why I bought them is a mystery since I was much younger and slimmer but maybe had body dysmorphia?  I would wear those suckers to formal events and it was difficult to even breathe and I was continually adjusting them because I'd buy the high cut ones that come to just below your bra and then they would inevitably roll down and it was never worth it.I stopped wearing them when I gained weight because I stopped buying dresses that would accentuate my worst part-my stomach.  I also stopped going to as many formal events that required a "fancy" dress and frankly, I stopped caring all that much.  But I'm going to the wedding of the son of my best friend and I bought a dress that I love and thought I'd revisit what's new in shapewear.  And there's a lot of new manufacturers and styles and claims of vast improvements but after reading every review on every product, it doesn't seem that all that much has changed for most women.  Here's what I learned-1) If you are 5'4"or shorter, any style that comes up to your bra is going to roll down.2) Seems to be the same with the styles that are thigh slimming, especially the shorter ones that are called "boy shorts" by most manufacturers.3) Most women want to look their best at the most important events like the wedding of their son or daughter and I read so many reviews where the mothers complained that it nearly ruined the event-until they would inevitably just take them off.  What is most important?  That nearly everyone you know will suddenly notice you have a pouch?  (they already know and they probably have one too) OR that you have the time of your life at one of the most important events of your life?  I go for #2.But I need SOMETHING so I decided to concentrate on the most important which is my tummy.  I tossed out (for consideration) anything that came high up since I am short and I don't want to have that rolling effect.  Same with the thighs.  The dress I'm wearing is not tight enough to make my thighs an issue so I started looking at just styles that concentrate on the belly and this seemed to be one of them (there were 3 more) so I ordered all 4 and hands-down, this was the most comfortable AND the most slimming.  Two of the others I ordered did nothing to make my stomach even a bit smaller and the third had a back seat that rose too high and my lower fanny/upper thigh fat was very noticeable.This one is comfortable.  It's slimming.  I know I won't be uncomfortable but will feel better having some control in the tummy area and they are inexpensive.