This is a great watch.  Careful with the band links- the rod needs a collar that can easily be lost.  Use two link pin drivers (one larger, one smaller) to push together by hand to seat it.  Yeah, you will thank me if you understand this.  If you are sick of Submariner look alikes from any brand, Invicta to original Rolex to Omega, then this is for you.  It is unique in its own right and famous or infamous (for not being hackable, nor handwinding), but it has all the right criteria: awesome comfy bracelet, screwdown crown, somewhat accurate timekeeping, quiet, precise bezel rotation, superb lume, date AND day, etc.  Not too many watches are popular because they are good.  Some may be popular because they are expensive or related to some historical event or some wealthy person.  This is famous for what it is: a good mechanical watch with good solid case and band.  At first, it ran fast, about 5 seconds while wearing and swinging, but slows on face up nighttime resting, so mine is pretty timely.  The Seiko 5 movement is not pretty and much has been written about it, but the most important thing is that it is reliable.  I would've gotten the Orange Monster version, but I want to wear this everyday.  It serves the purpose of wanting a mechanical watch and wearing a mechanical watch, not as a status symbol, but as an appreciation of a mechanical watch.  My belief now is that some men come to some realization that time is finite and either through age or career that one needs a reminder that time is ticking away.  If you don't maintain it, it will stop.  There are many analogies here: marriage, a car, family, a business, whatever.  The Seiko Monsters are a perfect intersect of price and function/aesthetics/originality.  And Seiko watches are a lot of fun- I did the Seiko FFF mod with another watch.  A Patek or AP or even Rolex may not be in the picture, but this watch is no less interesting or cherished in my opinion.  A shake of the wrist to Seiko!Update: 2-3-13, yes SUPERBOWL day!In this short amount of time, the watch has proven even better 2-3 seconds fast total after a week of wearing it constantly. I'm not kidding.  At the beginning it was fast, but slowed down at night.  It started slowing a little in the morning and I would give it a couple of shakes- it actually made the watch run fast.  So, I shook it until it was real time and then let it settle normally.  After doing this a few days, the watch is now super accurate.  I guess I was helping the watch settle at the rate I wanted.  I am a believer of breakin!