I bought these in both white and stone.  I really like the stone, as it doesn't seem to stand out as much as the white.  Also, it's a nice change from white all the time.  My mom liked the stone color when she saw mine, so I ordered a pair for her as well.We've noticed there is a change in the way Keds have been made since the 90s.  They are not as comfortable.  The arch can be "bumpy" or nonexistent, and they run a little small.  I wear a size 8, and the stone pair are tight on me.  Tighter than the white for some reason.  I'm sure they will get better as they break in, but I've never had a pair of Keds that is this tight.  My feet actually hurt the first day I wore them.  That never happened to me with Keds.  And I have narrow feet.  Someone with a wider foot couldn't wear these comfortably, at all.  The sneakers also don't last as long as they used to.  I wore Keds a lot when I was in high school, and one pair would last me a long time.  Now, I notice the edges at the bottom of the shoes start to come apart with much less wear, and the footbed becomes very flat and uncomfortable.  They don't feel as cushiony as they used to, even when brand new.  Very different.  Wearable, and I like them, but they are not as good as they used to be.  I suspect they were not made in China a decade+ ago.  I think they are made smaller than they used to be, because even looking at my feet while wearing them, I noticed they make my feet look smaller.  I like that, but, not at the expense of comfort.  I might try an 8 1/2 next time.  The white fit better for some reason, not so small.Update:  I wanted to add what happened in my experience with the stone colored sneakers.  I am downgrading this review from 4 stars to 2.They were very tight at first.  I thought I had broken them in because they felt better.  However, after wearing them several times, I noticed that my small toenails had started to turn inward a little.  I have never had foot problems in my life, and I am sure that this happened to my nails from the tight Keds.  I have not worn them since and will not wear them again.  I will probably throw them away.  I went back to wearing my old white pair on days I want to wear Keds.I'd recommend if you try them, make sure you try them on right away and if they feel at all too small, send them back.