Anyone living in cold-weather climates knows how crucial proper footwear is.  As someone from Chicago, I had my previous pair of boots for over ten years.  They were really good, but didn't have great traction, and they developed this annoying "pop" sound every time I walked.  I didn't get too bothered, but my fiancee forced me to get some new boots.After much research, it was down to the Sorel Caribous or Conquests.  I wound up with the Caribous.At first, they were amazing.  The break-in was during the Blizzard of 2011 (about a few weeks ago as of this review).  I waterproofed 'em and then wore them to shovel and blow the snow out of my driveway.  When I came back in, I was surprised to find them still dry.Because I didn't have work for a couple days, I had no issues.  I like the fact that they cover more of your foot and leg, which means more wear and tear in the long run.  They're exceptionally warm, and definitely keep my feet dry.But when I went back to work is what forced me rate these down to 3 stars.I work downtown Chicago, so I do a *lot* of walking.  These boots...are certainly not good to walk long distances in.  I probably should've researched for that, but one can get tired from reading 25+ reviews on the same product.  The Caribous don't allow me to take my normal strides, and the long upper portion is too constraining on the ankle.  I guess it's good ankle support, but also constraining.Undoing the laces from the topmost hoops helps a lot, but I still find them to be a pain to walk in.  They're good for short distances, but certainly not for commuter walking.  And they're not the best for driving either, since the bulk of the boot takes up both of the pedals.  Of course, I've found ways around this, but I think if Sorel made them in half-sizes, that would help a ton.  The 9 was perfect without thick socks, but with thick socks they were too tight, so I went up to a 10.  Sorel has been making this model boot for quite some time, so one would figure they'd make more sizes of it.Taking them on and off for quick trips proves to be a hassle half the time because the inboot gets stuck on my foot, thereby making it an inconvenience to take off without it coming off as well.I do not beat this product up for the quality; I beat it up for its functionality for a city walker.  The first time I wore them to and from work my ankle started to bleed (something that no shoe has ever caused), and I still get sore from walking.  Forget trying to catch the early train, 'cause these suckers don't let you run (unless you take gargantuan strides).I'm hoping that within time they'll break in.  I've noticed after I bought them that a lot of people seem to have 'em here in Chicago, but the boots look like they've got some years on them, so I'm hoping that time will make the boots better.