I am self-employed as step-deck tractor-trailer operator, and the physically demanding nature of the job has me always on the hunt for comfortable, durable and cost effective work clothes. Until now, I have always stuck with Carhartt bib overalls, but recently decided to try out a few other brands. Since my experience is solely with Carhartt bibs, that will be the standard I compare the Dickies to. I have only had the Dickies overalls a few days, so I haven't had a chance to put them through the extreme real-world test of flatbedding, so my rating does not take experienced durability into account, only my initial impression and best guess as to how well these will perform over time. As I do with many of my reviews where durability is important, I plan on updating this in a month or two to reflect what I encountered with the overalls in the field.These bibs (as well as the other model of Dickies I'm trying out) have a much longer actual inseam than my other pairs of Carhartt bibs. In most slacks and jeans and Carhartt bibs, a 30" inseam just touches the floor if I'm barefoot. With these and the other model of Dickies I'm trying out, the pant legs are so long that I could almost sew up the ends and forego socks. The ends of the cuffs terminate under the balls of my feet, when standing barefoot. This isn't an issue with me because I like using a Velcro strip to tighten the cuffs around the uppers of my boots to keep dust and bugs out; but I'm sure most people will want to order these a size or two shorter than their normal inseam length. I did order one size larger than my Carhartts and they fit quite well, so my recommendation is to order one size larger and one to two sizes shorter.The overall quality of the stitching appears to be decent. The fabric is a little stiff compared to a brand new pair of Carhartts, but it did soften considerably after the initial wash. I'm sure after a few washes they will be as comfortable as my other bibs. I think my Carhartts appear to be made with a little bit more exacting standards, but the Dickies don't look bad at all. I do like the wire hook style employed on the Dickies straps better than the spade design favored by Carhartt. While I only wore them around the house for a short time, the Dickies closure design seems like it will be less likely to twist and bind up (nearly impossible, in fact).In summary, the Dickies bibs are four star product, at least upon initial inspection. If they hold up to my regular abuse, I'll have to give serious thought to upgrading their rating to a five, even though they their inseam does run quite long.