This is the only t-shirt that I wear, actually the only shirt that I wear.....ever.Buying a new batch to replace ten or so that are worn out, I noticed that some old ones are made in Mexico, some are made in Honduras and some are made in Haiti.  As such the fit is different from each factory, the fabric is a different weight, stretch, softness......and more importantly the sizing and proportions are different. the shirts from mexico are noticeably too wide than the others in the waist.This kind of inconsistent quality of construction and pattern is why I am now on a search......nay, a quest to find a new go-to work/everyday wear t shirt.I no longer trust the Carhartt brand to deliver CONSISTENT fitment. As all companies seem more interested in producing a pleasing product to display nicely on a store shelf, Carhartt too seems more interested in that, rather than FUNCTION and FIT. They, like all "work wear" brands have no clue in the actual ergonomics of the human male body. btw.....6 ft slim 195 lbs here with a wider back than my waist. I should have no problem with an effing t shirt fitting me.My most recent purchase of jersey knit work t shirts, are produced in Haiti. the shirts from Haiti have the following problems....The neck hole is too low in the back and to high up on my adams apple in the front.The arm holes are too far back on the body of the shirt, as such the fabric bunches up in the arm pit and restricts shoulder movement and gets instantly covered in deodorant wax and pit sweat stains because of the binding up in that area. These shirts cause arm pit camel toe.The shoulders are too tight, the front body panel and the back panel of the the shirt body are identical patterns.......the back panel is supposed to be wider than the front because human backs are always wider than chests. The arm of human beings are not located at the actual sides of our bodies, but rather are "clocked" more facing forwards on our torsos......as proven by the fact that you cant cross your arms across your back.....easily, but you can cross your arms on your chest.Overall.......the details are fine on these shirts, material, stitching, etc.......but the fitment, proportions, assembly and ultimately ergonomic functionality are so distorted that I will be wearing a different brand in the near future.These shirts are now made to look good........folded on a store shelf.