I used to buy cheaper flip flops. And while I still like them, some of them are like walking on cardboard. And if you pound pavement for any length of time, you FEEL it later! (especially if you are no longer 16!) I didn't want to move all the way to "support" sandals or "hiking" ones...because they usually are just a little clunky for me. So, I went forTeva Mush. I loved them. But after a month or so, they were flattened out in places (especially the heel.) I don't like that. So I bought another pair...same thing. And while I loved the softness of those, I didn't want to spend every summer buying 2-3 pairs of the same things. And I found these.They look pretty much like the same shoe...but they are not. I liked that they both have a simple THIN strap, which shows off more of your foot and doesn't leave big "tan lines"! And they were soft. These are not as mushy as the Teva Mush, but firm-soft. Like you are walking on a mattress!!! Another nice thing over the Teva ones is that the surface is more solid/smooth. The Teva ones are more spongey...so sand gets in those holes and is HARD to get out. Which changes the color slightly. And that shows on a black pair. BUT there is a little trade-off, if your feet and shoes get wet (like at a waterpark or rain or something) these can be a little more slippery. It does improve after you wear them a while.This is the third year in a row that I have bought these. The old ones aren't worn out (like the flattened Tevas), but the color fades slightly and they do get wear. I wear mine ALL the time. I even wear them in the house when I am standing a long time! I do wear a half-size, and I chose a size UP. I don't like it when people's heels are hanging out over the end of the flip flops, so I erred on the bigger size. And they are fine. I was thrilled that they also come in more colors...I bought three pairs actually! The black ones on this page,metallic onesandsilver/gray/black ones. The metallic was for my daughter but she has wider feet than I do and she can't get the straps on comfortably. So, I guess they are mine. She CAN fit the same size Teva Mush, so she is getting those. Even if I have to replace them when they get smushed. So if you have wider feet, and love the style you might want to compare these with those Teva ones...Amazon does have free returns on these, so that is nice.