UPDATED REVIEW. JULY 12, 2014.So I just got back from Hawaii, went diving for a bit, barely made it 30 feet, when I surfaced, I noticed the watch had moisture built inside. Called Invicta, they wanted me to send it to them, pay for both the shipping and fixing costs and would take 6 to 8 weeks to fix. What a joke of a company and product. Stay away and buy Casio G-Shocks or Citizen. TRUST me.This is a heavy, good looking, well made watch. It is probably the largest watch you'll ever wear, aside from a diving watch. The watch has 3 small faces inside. One is the "seconds" counter arm, the other is a 1/10 sec counter and the last is a 30 minute counter with 5 min. intervals. The buttons you see on the side are all screw/push buttons, meaning, in order to set the time, date and use the watch's stop-watch function, you must first unscrew the buttons to be able to press them; this prevents accidental activation of any of the buttons.The watch has 3 arms, but only 2 are functional 24/7, the hour and minute of course; the smallest/thinnest one that looks like a seconds arm, doesn't move for regular time keeping; it only moves as a seconds counter for when using the stop-watch function. The bezel you see at the edge of the face can also be rotated for time tracking/synchronise.Setting the time and date is easy: simply unscrew the main knob, this will unlock it. Once unlocked, you'll notice the watch's knob has two positions when pulled, a light pull will get you to the date setting; then pull all the way out for time setting, once done, push it back in and screw to lock.Something worth mentioning, the picture shown here at Amazon does not reflect the watch's face colour correctly, in reality, it is more of an electric semi dark blue, NOT the shade shown on the picture, which makes the watch's face look darker. Still, this is a beautiful watch.Comfort:I've had this puppy for about 2 days now and I love it, but like the title of the review says, the watch may be uncomfortable for some, specially to those with medium to large wrists. The reason is the shape of the watch's under case and strap; the section where the strap meets the case has a permanent concave shape, but comfort will also depend on where you wear the watch. If you wear it exactly on top of your carpals, where the Radius and Ulna meet, then you'll be in pain, but if you wear it below the Radius an Ulna, then you should be fine.The watch's band may need some break-in period, but I'll update the review if that's not the case********UPDATE***: It's been 4 days now and the watch has become more comfortable to wear, I no longer suffer from pain on my wrist; the first couple of days were painful and I even thought about returning the watch, but I'm glad I didn't. The poly band has soften up and I can now wear the watch tigther, barely noticing it.In conclusion, this is a man's watch by all means. It is heavy, good and rough looking at the same time and very well made. If you like large watches, then look no further, this is a keeper, but please give it some time to reach its max comfort level (as I mentioned above in regards to comfort, etc). Good Luck.P.S. Invicta claims this watch was made In Switzerland (Google more about what "Swiss Made" means). It has luminous arms and hour dots.