I bought this watch almost a week ago and like it a lot.  It has a lot of features and since it is all plastic it is light compared to my metal watch.  I found out that it has a feature I didn't know about-a snooze alarm (do nothing when the alarm sounds and in 5 minutes the alarm sounds again).  Also, you can put this watch into night mode which means that the indiglo stays lit for 3 seconds while rotating though functions at night.  The directions included were wrong and it was by calling Timex that I figured this out-hold in the upper left button (button 1) for 3 seconds to switch between day mode and night mode and not the lower right button in the directions (button 3).The rotating bi-directional bezel dial is a must for me.  Some other expedition watches with bezels are only for show and not operational so be careful.  Unfortunately the bezel is plastic on this watch and reminds me of gray PVC piping with black paint.It has 2 digital time zones and 1 analog...hence the 3 advertised but if you sync the digital and analog time then it's only 2 time zones.  The second time zone only allows you to set the hour so I put the GMT time zone here.I like the calendar function on this watch.  The year needs to be set on this along with the month and day.  This means that it knows when a year contains a leap day and when it does not.  Also, setting times, dates and alarms are simplified by this watch allowing you to switch between whole numbers-to set 5:55 it gives you the ability to switch between each of the 3 fives.Then there's the included black velcro band.  What a waste.  It needs a black twist o flex or black commando watch band.  I opted for the black commando watch band since it can also protect the watch.3 times now in the last 5 days the digital functions have frozen on me.  Twice when the chimes were on it stuck with an annoying ring that wouldn't stop.  I found that this watch can be reset with by simultaneously pushing all 4 buttons at the same time.  This resets everything except the analog portion of the watch and then you need to spend time setting the alarm and 2 time zones.Bottom line is that the watch is nice but not aesthetically pleasing.  It would have been nice to have an all metal watch with a rotating metal bezel that was analog and digital.  This is a nice casual watch that is comfortable since it is light.EDIT:After having this watch for a month and looking at other brands of digital/analog watches I am convinced that Timex has a corner on this market and that I made a good buy.  Other digital/analog watches I've seen don't have a second hand and the digital display looks squashed and ugly.  I like how the second hand makes a neat quiet sound and the time is easily visible from any angle... while the hourly chimes and indiglo light give me the best of both the analog and digital world!!I wound up getting a nice gray and black plastic/metal clasp band for $10 at a local jeweler that looks great!EDIT 2...3 months of use now!Well I've had this watch 3 months now and there isn't a scratch on the bezel or crystal-this is a very durable watch...even if it is plastic.  I love this time piece!  I've been looking at other brands digital/analogs and haven't found anything yet that I like more than Timex.Oh, more about the band.  I've replaced the band with 3 different styles now.  You will need a 20 mm band where it goes into the watch (the distance between the lugs).  I tried a black Twist O Flex but didn't like how the one I had moved side to side...it was adjustable unlike the ones you buy on the watch already.  I've now settled on a black metal fixed band that easily adjusts at the clasp (I found both on ebay for under $20 each brand new).  Hopefully Timex will just do away with the velcro band and sell these watches with black Twist O Flex bands that are not adjustable.Did I mention that the bezel actually moves and is useful!  Why do watches have stationary bezels?EDIT again...6 months of use now!I'm still lovin this watch.  I put another watch band on it...4th band now.  I went with a black 20mm MODENA Ridgo ridged Italian rubber watch band with a metal locking clasp (I bought it here on Amazon for $12 and like it a lot).  Something that I realized recently about it is that the crystal is recessed just a bit because of the bezel.  Not all dial watches are this way.  I have a Relic dial watch that is flush with the crystal-this is not good if you hit the wall with your watch.  Recessing the crystal the way Timex has done protects your watch crystal.  Another reason Timex has a customer for life!