I like this bra so much I just ordered four more! I have never worn bras with underwire, so I was a little apprehensive, but there just didn't seem to be much of anything else available with the other features I wanted. Most sports bras now are made with slick, shiny, all synthetic materials that feel uncomfortable to me - this is 55% cotton, and feels like it's all cotton. I need a back closure and a substantial bottom band that won't roll or creep up - so far this performs beautifully. Many sports bras look like they are supposed to be worn with nothing on top and have seams in weird places that look like they would show through clothes. I will be wearing this as my everyday bra, WITH clothes on top, so those styles are out. This is a great sports bra that looks sporty enough for me, but still definitely an undergarment. There is no padding to prevent nipple show-through, but I have several pairs of silicone "headlight killers" that I found for a very good price on Amazon.Silicone Nipple Covers/Bra pad Inserts. Self-Adhesive. 1 Pair.And it's comfortable, at least as comfortable as I would expect any bra to be. I do wish there were a few more colors available, like a darker grey and a somewhat darker shade of beige, but black is just fine.Let me address some concerns raised by some of the other reviewers. One said that the size received was smaller than expected. I find the size I ordered (38C) to be exactly as expected. Perhaps the problem was only with the larger sizes. Some reviewers say there is a "pointy" effect at first that goes away as the bra is worn and washed a few times. Others said the underwire sticks out somehow. I did not have these problems at all with mine, but again, maybe these issues come up in the larger sizes only. I'd say that if your usual sports bra size is 38C, you'll probably be happy with this bra.(Several weeks later) Just one addition - I have since then ordered it in beige (good color if you have light skin) and heather grey. The grey ones have white tabs at the back where the hooks are, even on the outside. I don't see why they make them like this, and it should say something about it in the product description. I'll keep them, though, as I plan to wear them anyway with things that won't show through. Still five stars. Finally, a sporty looking, comfortable cotton bra with a band that won't roll up!(One more later note) If the underwire bothers you a bit under the arms, you can sort of force the wire toward the middle of the bra just one inch and then put in a few stitches to hold it there. The way the wire is set into the outside of the bra makes this very easy to do. This won't affect the fit and it won't poke you anymore. Your bra might not bother you this way, but I'm very sensitive and I've adjusted all my bras this way now. Lily of France, please don't ever stop making this bra! (And more colors, please!)(Yet another later note) I know, I've had a lot to say about this bra. But I've bought a whole bunch of them and will probably buy more, just in case they ever stop making them. It's that good. Because the outside seam that holds the wire looks so supportive, and because I much prefer a bra without underwire, I kept wondering what would happen if I simply removed the wire. So I tried it. Works for me - now it's perfect! I just made a small slit in the underside of the seam at the underarm and forced the wire out, then sewing up the hole. I would say that if you're bigger than I am, you'd probably need the wire. But if you're not and find the wire annoying, give it a try.