This bra is highly rated on Amazon, which made me want to give it a shot. My mother warned me, "Don't buy Playtex!", because she felt they came up too high under the arms with excess fabric and that their cups fit weirdly compared to other brands in the same size. But I bought this anyway, mostly because it was half the cost of my fave brand, Glamorise. Boy, did I make a mistake!Okay, I will say that this covers and holds the bo*bs up just fine. Almost too well- it reminds me of that "Lunch Lady Song" Adam Sandler sang on SNL years ago, about a lady who has 76 hooks in her big old bra or something like that. That's how I felt while wearing this! Granted, I'm a big woman but my chest isn't sagging that much (yet) and I don't need the "duct tape holding method" that this bra feels like. I wear a 48F and this bra just didn't feel right to me. Not tight or with any spillover...just icky. As my mother warned, there is indeed too much fabric on the sides of the bra under the arm. Maybe women with a lot of fat in that area like this extra fabric, but that's actually one of my lean spots (genetics and years of weight-training to thank), so all it does is rub against my upper arms and underarms (which feels awful, too).The fabric is also SO scratchy! Really uncomfortable on my skin all day long. I always hand-wash my bras/panties alone, rinse well and then let them drip dry. My delicates last for years this way. And I have never had a bra with fabric that felt so rough! This bra pilled along the edges, too, which doesn't happen to any other bra that I have (mostly because I hand-wash and drip-dry, I'm sure). Forget 18 hours- after 6 hours, I couldn't wait to tear this scratchy bra off!The straps are just too thick for me. Unless you're wearing a crewneck, these may peek out of your shirts because there's so much to the straps and cups. The bra comes up high on the chest, too, which is fine if concealing your breasts is your goal. But for those who wear ballet-neck, v-neck or sweetheart necklines, this bra comes up too high on the chest and the straps are too wide.I praise Amazon for carrying many bras for plus-sized women like me. I just don't care for this bra and will purchase Glamorise (despite the extra cost) because I've learned my lesson. I DID try another kind of Playtex bra and didn't like it, either (similar problems).