I love dresses and wear tights all through the winter. As a plus size gal, I have to go to specialty stores to find my size and they are around $15 each and only last one season. I saw these SPANX and seeing as they are reversible, at this price, I'm pretty much going to pay this price for two pairs of my usual tights anyway.I must say that I LOVE these. Today is the first day wearing them. The tights I get are not usually this opaque and that concerned me, but they look just fine. The tights are soft and smooth and I feel like you'd have to have a nail or something very, very sharp that would cause them to get a hole in them. Out of the package, I was concerned they would go over my heavy thighs, and for that reason, I sized up. They pulled up smoothly, the material is so soft and stretchy and smooth. I am 5'4 and have a short waist, and the panty goes up over my belly button to the smallest part of my natural waist, and they stay put for the most part, better than any other tights I've ever had. This is my first pair of SPANX and I thought the panty part would be much firmer since it holds in but no, it's soft and stretchy like the rest of the tights, just thicker. And, it does hold in - gently though. They are not so tight like some shapewear that it's uncomfortable, or I want to die after I eat or drink something small. I drove 20 minutes to work and got in my office and the SPANX were still in place, smoothing out my plus size hourglass figure. I am wearing a red A-line dress today and have had compliments! I almost want to say - it's the SPANX!Another plus - these are thick enough in the panty and have a cotton crotch, so you do not need to wear panties. You can even wear them with a liner if you want. That way, you don't have any seams or panty lines.I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because they are long on me and while I don't have to adjust the waist much, I do find myself pulling up the legs of these. Fortunately, I have a private office and can do this quickly and discretely. When I went to the restroom, I noticed a few lines around my ankle from the SPANX bunching up a little. Since they are opaque, not so noticeable though.I now wonder if I should size down, but for the price, I don't want to risk it. I'm most certainly willing to live with having to pull them up a few times a day for all the advantages. Now...off to find some patterned SPANX!