I needed a pair of dance shoes to wear for Zumba, since regular tennis shoes have too much grip.  Unable to find the ones I wanted in my size, I finally went with these based on several reviews hailing them as great Zumba shoes.  After trying them on, I think people may be getting sold more on the look than the function. I work out at home, so cute is optional but function is a must. The split sole on these is thick, smooth plastic with a few grooves but absolutely no grain; they give you plenty of slide--but no stability.  First I tossed the rug aside and tried them on the hardwood, which for me is a better surface for dance and Zumba than carpet.  Slides and turns were smooth and effortless--stopping, not so much.  On lunges your feet just keep sliding, and you have to fight for balance to prevent doing the involuntary splits.  The extra strain and lack of control are the things injuries are made of--especially of the knees and back. Next I put the big asian area rug back down over the hardwood and tried that; these shoes still slide a little too much when moving front and back--slides to the side are a little better on the rug, just because the texture of the carpet offers some sideways resistance.  For me, the plastic soles on these just don't provide enough traction to safely do fast-moving workouts like Zumba.  They're probably fine for professional dancers doing spins and toe stands, preferably with a partner for support.  I gave 3 stars for the look and the overall quality of the shoes--they're cute enough and seem well-made. But cute does not equal practical, especially for the price, so I returned them. So far the best shoes I've found for Zumba are still the Sansha Salsette; they have a medium-grain suede sole pad that offers a good balance between slide and friction.  (And they're less expensive.) So far, they've also been impossible to find in the right size.Speaking of size, if you think these are for you, listen to the reviews that say to order a half size up--not a whole size.  I wear an 8.5 and ordered the 9.5 to make sure I still had toe room, since these shoes are cut flat across the front for toe work.  With socks they were still a bit too big--loose enough to add to the clumsiness caused by the slick sole.  A half size up from street size would have fit just about right.