To my way of thinking, there are only TWO factors which keep the Vector from receiving a full 5-stars here.  #1 is the watch face.  It is not very durable.  It isn't even glass.  It's made out of VERY easily scratched plastic.  I own several watches, and even the plain glass face models scratch at the drop of a hat, but this one takes it to a whole new level.  I'd be worried to sneeze too close for fear it may implode.#2 is the fact that despite the promises of being water resistent to 100 Meters (ie 300 feet) this watch isn't...FAR from it.  You are in danger of ruining this watch if you even enter a bathroom while someone ELSE is taking a hot shower.  The humidity alone may cause problems.  Pretty sad when a watch advertised as at the very least capable in a pool cannot honestly pull off a basic shower in a bathtub.Now, with that said, if you take care to avoid moisture whenever you can, the Vector is a fine wrist computer that works quite well in a variety of areas.  It'll tell you the temperature (under the right circumstances, of course), help you predict the weather, give you a bearing on where you need to go and then (after proper adjusting) tell you your altitude.  I found the altimeter to actually be rather accurate -- oh, and those reviews I have read on-and-off by folks bragging about telling the altitude INSIDE of a pressurized passenger plane are BOGUS.Considering what this watch can do, and it's limitations, I believe that the price is a bit high (you can buy a Casio watch that'll do the same thing--and is solar-powered, AND is REALLY water-resistent, all for LESS) but the Vector has one thing that not all Suunto watches, or altimeter/barometer/compass watches come with: that little bubble on the face which allows a more accurate determination of specific readings.  If Casio add's one to their model, I'll probably become a full-time convert.  If you are looking for something similar, but smaller, try looking at the Suunto Observer.  It's a dang-good-looking watch, but the price is considerably more, so that may be a rather important factor for you (I know it is for me).All in all, Suunto makes great products, but water resistent models are unfortunately NOT one of them (unless you are going for one of their products that actually are designed for underwater use).