PROS: Thin, light, surprisingly rugged, inexpensive, with very legible numbers, day/date, and a very useful alarm. This watch is just superb at what a watch needs to do. I own many other watches, including some very expensive ones. But this thin, little Casio is the one I wear daily and the one that always accompanies my travels. The alarm function is great. The night-light is great. I can see the numbers easily even without my glasses. Honestly, if I could only have one watch, and Casio charged $100 for this thing, I would still buy it.Each year I try another luxury watch or more sporty-looking watch because I enjoy time-pieces. But here's what I've found: 1. Automatic watches, even super-premium brands, have not worked for me. They conk out unless I wear them constantly. YMMV. 2. Big heavy watches interfere with wetsuits I wear sailing/diving and leathers I wear motorcycling (by contrast the thin Casio glides under the cuffs). 3. Fancy dress watches are useless at night both outdoors and in dark hotel rooms. The Casio's night-glow illumination is a big deal -- very useful. 4. On business trips I use the Casio's alarm all the time. 5. The stop-watch function isn't that important, but it's nice to have when timing events, or client calls.As for durability, my nephew, a dive-master, used one of these as a back-up watch. It outlasted his Suunto and his Seiko Black Monster, both of which broke from impact damage to their faces. This little Casio is so compact and slim, you don't tend to smash it on things.CONS: I wish I could say the Casio is pretty. It's not. And I wish the buttons were a little more resistant to being pushed. The band won't last forever -- but I've gotten over five YEARS of use from a FE10-1A.SUMMARY: This is not male jewelry. It is just a phenomenally functional time-piece that does what a utilitarian watch should do. I recommend this watch to any outdoor sports person and to any traveler. To conclude, I must say this is not a watch to feed ones ego. It won't impress chicks nor wow your buddies. But if you're willing to elect function over form, this is truly a "thinking mans watch". Buy one, knowing you can still slip on your Rolex when you need to impress ladies or "make a statement" in a business encounter.