I've owned 3JanSport classic backpacksand have different usages for each one: school, exercise, and travel.SCHOOL: Before I had a car, I had to stuff all of my books and school supplies in my backpack for the entire school day, and somehow after 2 years of hauling over 25 lbs of stuff every day, my backpack is still in great condition--I'm still using that same one for school now (...so it's been about 4 years). There's a flap in the smaller compartment that lets you put pens and smaller items inside. The best part of it all: the backpack is water resistant. Since I didn't have a car, I had to walk in the rain a lot, and while the outside of my backpack has been soaked, my stuff inside still stays dry.EXERCISE: I use this backpack for hiking and for my workout stuff:Feiyue Martial Arts Shoes,Neutrogena sunblock,Secret deodorant, sunglasses, tissue, hand towel, water bottle, sweater, cell phone, keys, and wallet. What's cool is that this backpack itself isn't very bulky unless if you stuff it, so I actually like this better than the backpacks from Big 5 or Sports Authority--those ones are big and bulky even when they're empty! Again, it's water resistant, so no worries if you accidentally spill water or sweat all over it.TRAVEL: I've had this one for about 7 years, and it's slightly different from the other two such that the zippers open all the way down instead of halfway. Thus, it's my perfect travel backpack because I can put my folded clothes, shoes, toiletries, and other travel stuff in it. It's perfect for a short weekend trip or for an overnight stay, when a full-on luggage case or duffle bag isn't necessary.All 3 of my JanSport backpacks have gotten really dirty from everyday use over the years, so I tossed them into my washing machine under the delicate cycle and let them air dry. They came out good as new and have thoroughly convinced me that I will be getting another JanSport should I need another backpack.If you're still thinking about whether the JanSport Classic fits your needs, think no more. The quality and design of this backpack won't fail you. It'll last you a long time (given you don't abuse it) and won't go out of style--there's so many different colors and designs to choose from among theClassic SuperBreakline itself, so you don't have to get the plain black one that almost every student has. But do yourself a favor and don't buy it for $40 at the mall--I got all 3 of mine at Ross for less than $15.