In short, I am happy with the product.. Here is why I bought them in the first place.. I am getting ready to do some traveling. I want to go with one bag, as a carry on... I will not be going to any dress up places that I know of, so I can be pretty casual with my clothes.. To get ready, I started browsing the internet looking for info from other travelers who have been &#34;one bag&#34; travelers.. On OneBag.com, I found that this fellow shared a lot of good info, and in that info was his choice of undies.. He chose these because of the nice quality, fit, etc, but mostly because they dry fast!!!! Drying fast was the big deal here... I will be carrying one bag, and will have all my travel stuff in it. The bag I will be carrying is sold here, but is an EBAGS.com product. It is the Mother Lode TLS Weekender Convertible. I have it and it looks perfect for me.. I also got the three piece packing cube set.. I think they too will be great!!! But, as for the boxers, I wanted undies that were travel friendly.. These were supposed to be easy to hand wash in a hotel, and dry fast while hanging in the hotel room, etc..I ordered the boxers. I got the boxers. I tried on the boxers.. They felt really good.. I hand washed the boxers and hung them on a line in my bathroom.. The boxers did dry fast.. So, what they say about then washing easy and drying fast is true.. I have since worn them for several days and then hand washed them again.. They are very comfy and they do dry fast.. I washed them and dried them with some other travel clothes, and most of them dried well enough for my trips.. So, yes, these are a good choice if you are trying to do what I will be doing.. Traveling.. As a side note, I washed these with an ExOfficio air-strip long sleeved shirt, the lite version. It dries amost instantly!!!! The other things I washed was the Patagonia Boxers.. They too dried fast enough for my use, but still not as fast as the Give-N-Go. So, yes, when I need some more undies, these are the ones I will get.