I grew up on a farm (and am now 38), and still consider myself a farm kid. But back then, I grew up on a small farm and we didn't have enough money to buy good stuff like Carhartt jackets for us kids who grew out of them every year! I've kind of always wanted one, and finally got sick of Columbia jackets with fleece lining that fills me with static or other jackets that just don't last. So I researched and bought this one.Many of the reviews claim that it's warm enough to wear outside as your sole jacket during winter. This winter (2013) in Fargo has been nasty cold so far, with multiple days with 0 degrees F or lower as a daily high! Most of these cold days, I am wearing a sweater under this, and it does the trick for me going from vehicle to building and back, while keeping me comfortable while driving. I've also worn it for longer periods of time outside when it's cold and windy, with a sweatshirt under it, and it has performed very well. It cuts the wind better than I expected, so as long as you have a warmer layer under it, it really is warm enough.I am 6'3" tall, and about 190 pounds. I also have trouble finding jackets with long enough sleeves. I bought the Medium, Long, and it fits me perfectly!! This is the part I'm happiest about. Even with a sweatshirt under it, it's still big enough.It has lots of pockets. Another important thing for me is enough pockets to carry my wallet, cell phone, and sunglasses. It has 2 large inner chest pockets (one with a velcro top, another with a zipper), and I keep my wallet in the velcro one. It also has 2 outer chest pockets, and I keep my smart phone in one of those, easily accessible, easy to hear if it rings.I am very happy with this jacket, and am looking forward to having it last me multiple Fargo winters!Edited 12/30/13:Just spent an hour and a half tailgating for a football game, at -5 degrees F. I wore a long sleeved dry-fit shirt, a sweatshirt, a jersey, and this jacket, and felt perfectly dressed. I was concerned about spending this much time outside at that temperature with this jacket, but again, with the right layers, it cut the wind nicely, and did the job as expected!