The Orange Monster is a true men's dive watch.  It is attractive and has a decent size.  The watch is bigger than theCitizen Men's Eco-DriveSEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESPROS:Unidirectional bezel with luminous zero position on the bezel.  The bezel markings are embedded not printed on - this watch is built to last!The bezel has 120 indents so you can set the bezel to time your dive to the half minute.Really bright luminous hands - including a luminous sweep second hand.Orange dial for greater visibility underwater in poor light.Day and date display at the 3 o'clock position.Day setting in English or Spanish.  WEEDKDAYS in black, SAT in blue and SUN in red, DAY in black).Scratch-resistant Hardlex crystal - curved to magnify the dial.  Even the day and date is visible underwater!The bezel is higher than the Hardlex crystal glass reducing the possibility of scratches.The large screw down crown is at the four o' clock position.  In this position, the crown never presses into my wrist when I move my hands upwards). The Orange Monster's large crown is much easier to manipulate than theCitizen Men's Eco-Drive- also a great dive watch.This is an Automatic Movement watch - it never requires a battery.  The watch winds itself with the natural motion of my wrist.  Now that's eco-friendly!High quality Seiko's rubber dive strap that contours to my hand comfortably after a couple of days.CONS:Automatic watches being mechanical are never as accurate as a quartz movement - they gain time when it's hot and run slow as it gets colder.  When compared to other automatic winding watches, the Orange Monster is fairly accurate - approx ten seconds off per day.  This works for me.  However, if you need greater accuracy, then I recommend theSeiko Men's SNDA63 Diver Chronograph WatchI would have liked to have a No Decompression limits (NDL) table printed on the watch band.  I am harping though - I can always swap the band.The Seiko Orange Monster is an attractive Automatic Dive watch at an affordable price - Definitely 5 STARS!RECOMMENDATION:If you wear your Seiko Orange Monster dive watch every day, no problem ... once on your wrist, it winds automatically.  However, occasional users or watch collectors may wish to invest in a watch winder.I bought theDiplomat Burl Wood Watch Windersince this model can be set to rotate both clockwise and anticlockwise automatically.Hope my review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)