The DUOFOLD MEN'S UNION SUIT is really comfortable and I would say fits true to size. I wear a large, I'm about 5' 9" and wear 34-36 in waist, and the L fits me just right.I was a little worried at first because the fabric is listed as a cotton, nylon, wool blend and I thought that the wool would make it itchy and scratchy, but it isn't. It's really nice and soft and feels pretty durable. Another concern of mine was that I wouldn't be able to sleep in long sleeves and long pants because I'm so used to just sleeping in tank-tops and boxers, especially here in California where it rarely gets that cold, but I had no problem sleeping when it got colder last month, and I didn't sweat at all. I was nice and toasty all night and actually felt like the UNION SUIT was regulating my body temperature. And it made taking the dog out in the morning very pleasant, since I worn it under my sweatpants and hoody.The wrist and ankle elastic cuffs keep the suit's arms and legs from riding up and down, so it stays put through the night.I deduct one-star for two reasons: the back-side isn't a horizontal door flap like in the cartoons, it's just a vertical slit-flap with one button. This makes going to the bathroom a treacherous event, but it is possible. There must be some reason that most union suit's switched from a horizontal flap to a vertical one, maybe durability, but you have to be really careful when going #2, especially for guys because you also have to position Mr. Johnson in the right way because there's too much material in between the front opening and the rear flap to use the front opening, so it's awkward, unless you want to unbutton the whole thing in front and pull it down, which kind of defeats the purpose of staying warm.  The second issue, albeit a small one, are the buttons themselves: there are many of them and they're small so if you have arthritis or really large hands buttoning and unbuttoning the DUOFOLD UNION SUIT can be a pain. Maybe they could add a zipper instead? I don't know but the buttons are a small issue, but could be a big problem for someone with limited dexterity.However, the buttons and the button slits are sturdy, attached firmly to the suit, and fit nice and tightly into their respective slots, so the buttons won't come undone during the night or while you're lounging around, so no "oops, I popped out!" moments.  I leave the bottom button undone for easy access to bathroom.Anyway, I don't wear it to sleep every night just on those really cold nights when the temperature dips.Also, the DUOFOLD UNION SUIT looks really nice on so you don't have to worry about looking like a dork if you have guests sleeping over or if you take it on vacation or while spending the night visiting friends.