For a guy with now six 14  shoe, these are the socks. They are not thin, and not to bulky. Well made, my father would wear gold toe socks and nothing else. Now the athletic socks, are the best with flat bad feet and a bad back, I need the extra cushion, but do not like some of the bulky socks I have bought in the past. Since I have had foot fungus in the past. I need  high cotton content.the two things you do not skimp on in life is your feet and your bed. Bad socks can cripple your feet, make sure your toes can wiggle in your socks freely and in your shoes. get the best foot care,or learn how to do it yourself. if your feet go realy bad, you will be in a wheelchair. Been their done that. Your feet are very important. Diabetics should think of buying this sock, with a little  streching after washing, the cushion level is great. The thin socks people wear, with little or no cotton, might look cool, but 20-30 years latter, you will wish you had taken better care. PS you can dye them any color, cause of the high cotton content, the cotton take dye well, will leave a very textured look. If you going to do that pick a bold color, cause dye does fade. Now all they have to do is start making them in hot colors. or camo. Perm marker works well esp the broad tips. Get your fav star, to sign both socks. due a pair red for Christmas. Stuff them with cardboard rolled up and let your kids use the perm markers, to make Dad special socks. Buy them for your boyfriend to wear in the office, and you can write sexy notes on the top part. When the  wear down or get holes in the distant future, have the kids make sock puppets. For a birthday party, give every kid (or adult) a sock to make into a puppet, get out the perm  markers. It will be a party they will all enjoy, and something to take home and not break the bank. Pick a theme or story let people choose who they want to make as their sock puppet. have bought every sock brand and type over the yrs and these are the best i have found. Somebody at GOLD TOE, found out how to make the perfect sock, LIVE LONG AND WALK TALL....