I opened the box and said, "Wow" this is a beautiful watch. Too beautiful to wear actually. Finally after several months passed I put it on my wrist, gave it the intial wind up to get going and took a four mile walk, gently swinging my arms as I walked. The watch second hand stopped about every fifteen minutes and I had to shake it to get it going again. Despite walking four miles it failed to wind the spring automatically and would only run for a minute or two tops before it stopped.Now I have to mail it to Invicta with a twenty five dollar check for return postage and handling plus the cost of mailing it to them!Maybe, I just had a lemon but I urge you to wear it the day you get it to use the Amazon warranty and keep in mind that Beauty is only skin deep even if it's stainless steel! The one star is for being beautiful.Updated 12/07/07I mailed the watch to Invicta for repair and waited almost twelve weeks for it to be returned. After the first seven weeks I called Invicta to check on the repair status. They said it had to be mailed overseas for repairs and would take longer before it was returned to me.Yes, I now have the watch and it actually works. I purchased an auto watch winder and have left it on the autowinder since I received it. It has been running just fine and keeps accurate time.I will now wear it on my wrist and see if it holds up to daily use. The moral of the story is that while the watch is beautiful it is in reality just costume jewelery and not a serious time piece.I have increased the rating to THREE STARS but be prepared to be dissapointed if you want a serious time piece.Updated 12/21/07Well, I have worn the Invicta on my wrist daily for two weeks and it has kept very accurate time and there have been no problems. This is my conclusion. I love the appearance of the watch and the price was very affordable. I now agree with all the reviews that rave about the watch. You may be one of the lucky ones and get an Invicta that works right out of the box. I blame myself for not wearing it during the 30 day return period intially.I can now raise to rating to FOUR STARS for satisfaction and value but only if you are one of the lucky ones not to be shipped a lemon watch, even then the stellar Amazon service will exchange it during the 30 day exchange window.3/1/08  Well its back to one star for a rating. The auto=wind appears to be on the blitz. If I wear it all day it stops within an hour of taking it off my wrist, even on the automatic watch winder it will not keep running because the rotation  is too gentle. What can I say, it is a beautiful watch but is really just costume jewerly. I have a seiko "black monster" dive watch now that is perfect in every regard.7-6-08 While the watch has been collecting dust in the draw I am still drawn to the beauty of the time peice. I now wear it again but must manually wind it up twice a day to keep it going. I am truly amazed at all the positive reviews that always start out this watch appears to be much more expensive than what I paid for it. I suspect the vast majority of those people are too embarrased to edit their glowing reviews to simply say that their watches have stopped working after a few months. These Invicta watches are all flash and no substance. Be warned, spend a few more bucks and get a Citizen or Seiko dive watch for a truly quality watch that will give years of service and uncompromized customer satisfaction. Everytime an Invicta automatic dive watch is sold an unhappy customer will be the result in a few months. You have been warned!!