I've been looking for a new make-up bag for awhile now. I've bought a couple at local stores and come home and not had enough room in them for what I carry daily, so I had to return them. I read the other reviews on this bag, and the pictures showed many zipper pockets for organization so I thought for sure it would have to work, thus I bought one in hot pink. The bag is a little big larger than I would have hoped, but I can't complain really since obviously the smaller bags are too small for me. The best part about this bag is how many pockets for organization there are. I haven't even found uses for every pocket! There is a large see-through pocket that holds the majority of your make-up items on one side, and then the other has a Velcro flap, covering another smaller pocket, with pockets on both sides of the flap and several elastic bands to hold brushes and such. The Velcro is VERY strong, so I don't use the pockets underneath it; plus it makes the flap become awkward and bulky when you put items under the pocket and then the brushes don't fit right. However, there are so many pockets in this thing I don't even need to use them. I think if I travel, I will use those pockets for shampoo and such. There are also two pockets on the outside of the bag, one large and a smaller zipper pouch on the outside of the larger pocket. I have been keeping hair pins and clips on the outside pouch, and large bulky items with no other place to go, such as eyelash curler and toothpaste in the large outside pocket. Inside, I use the outside flap pocket for eye make-up, and I have various brushes and mascara in the elastic bands on the flap. Then in the large inside pocket I keep all my other make-up and I have more than enough room for everything. Another feature is the hanger on the top of the inside of the bag, so you can easily hang the bag during use. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to open the large pocket all the way, while it is hung up, without items falling out, but I even hung the bag from the handle on the top of the backseat of a car, and put my make-up on while riding in the backseat and nothing fell out of it.This bag is great for the girl that likes every type of make-up to have a specific home in their make-up bag, rather than all being thrown together in one large container. The clear pockets make it easy to find what you're looking for, quickly and there is more than enough room for tons of make-up. The bag is about as wide as my purse, but is pretty thin, so I can easily slide it into my work tote pocket. Plus there are a bunch of fun colors to pick from, to suit everyone's personality. I will admit that initially I had reservations about purchasing this bag because the material, specifically the clear plastic pockets, looked kind of cheap in the photos. Yet, now that I own it, I can say that is not the case at all. The bag seems very well made, and the thick plastic pockets are good for making sure nothing gets all over if something explodes in the bag. My advice - BUY IT! :)*UPDATE* 5/19/13Over a year later I still love and use this product every day. The bag is still in great condition. One of my eye liners got all over one of the pockets and would get my hand dirty every time I tried to get something out of it. I dumped everything out (which is A LOT, this thing holds so much makeup) and because of what I call the "luggage plastic" material, it easily wiped right off. Also, two of my friends have purchased the item after they saw mine.