First of all, this is my first skagen purchase. I came across this watch at my local macy's and looking at the $135 price tag I was hesitant and thankfully I was. I came on amazon and found one for 68 dollars, it was such a steal. Now just to get it out of the way, if you are wondering wether to buy this watch or not, you should absolutely. You will not be dissapointed. The price of this watch seems to fluctuate a lot on amazon so never be imaptient and buy it if it's over 80 dollars, just wait it out and check regularly because I am pretty sure you will find one within 68-79 dollars.Now on to the watch. I'll break it down so it's easy for you guys to understand everythingDial - The dial is a dark blue but, when it's exposed to light, it's reflection looks gorgeous and will capture people's attention without a doubt.Glass - The glass of the watch is very thick and scratch resistant. It also reflects off light and is very shiny and clear. When you see smudges just take a nice piece of cloth and wipe it once or twice and for sure it will look brand new again.Strap - Most buyers of this product complain about how hard is it to make the strap the right size for them. Honestly, it took me 1 minute to figure out how to do it. The instruction manual shows it very clearly, all you have to do is take a screwdiver or any other object that fits in the hole. Just enter the object and push it backwards and the clasp will open. Once it opens just move it back or forward depending on what size you need and just press it down tightly and that's it your done.Strap (look) - The look of the strap is my favorite thing about the watch. The material is very thick and metallic. It is very shiny and reflects off light like the rest of the watch. The reflection of the light on the strap gives the watch the elegant look and people for sure will know right away that it's an expensive watch.Comfort - The watch is very light. When left on sometimes you might forget that you even have a watch on, however since it is summer now I did come across one thing that irritated me. I like wearing the watch a little tight and when your in a warm environment your arm will sweat and make the strap feel a little sticky and make it itchy, but then again 90% of all watch straps will make you feel the same way so it's not a huge deal. Overall, it is very comfortable, light and great for everyday use.Overall GradesPerformance - 10Durability - 10Looks - 10Comfort - 9