OK, I admit it: I don't scuba dive, and I have no desire to ever scuba dive.  I don't even snorkel, and I swim perhaps twice a year if that.  In other words, I am DEFINITELY a land animal!So why'd I buy this watch?  Well, I'll just come right out and admit it: because I absolutely LOVE the way it looks!  Something the design, the perfect combination of black watch face, light green hour markers, stainless steel trim, black rubber strap, off-center crown, red "Diver's 200m" lettering on the dial, how the second hand floats gently around the dial instead of snapping off tiny intervals...I just can't stop looking at this darn thing, it's freaking beautiful!  And that's with me having rather small wrists; I'd imagine it'd look even better on a guy with beefier wrists.  There is just something refreshingly masculine, clean, elegant, modern yet classic about its appearance.  It's like having a gorgeous half-naked woman on my wrist...I just can't tear my eyes from her, heh.My only wish is that this thing came with an almost-scratchproof sapphire glass instead of plain Hardlex crystal, that's something I would gladly pay extra for.  Oh well, will just have to be careful with it.  Or I may have to pay a watch shop to install one for me, though that would probably cost close to the price of this watch by the time labor is added to the materials cost.  But would be worth it; I don't see myself ever getting sick of this thing.And I don't understand the negative reviews about accuracy, by mine hasn't lost any time at all, it seems just as consistent and accurate as a quartz watch.  It also is less obtrusive than I expected, when worn under a long-sleeved dress shirt.8/17/2011 UPDATE: six months later, the crystal still hasn't scratched yet...much impressed!  Am enjoying using it for my swimming workouts, especially the rotating bezel.Something I am not crazy about is the need to readjust the time every 2 weeks or so because it loses about 3 minutes even though I wear it 18 hours a day!  Am keeping my fingers crossed that the locking crown does not deteriorate and fall off with such constant use after a year or two, as happened to another Seiko watch of mine (albeit that one was a cheaper model, not a dive watch).  In retrospect, if I could find a quartz version that looked identical to this watch, I would probably buy it instead.  Because of this, I am downgrading my rating from 5 to 4 stars.