i used to by these at department stores, but the best sale price at stores is still higher than Amazon everyday price. even without price consideration these are the best pants and best value for the following reasons.1. they fit great and are cut correctly in waist and inseam. learn the leg/thigh/butt cut of the D1/D2/D3/D4 system and it will be simple and clear. more room as you go up the scale. my weight changes monthly so i like D3. no need for pleats either and i do a mix of sitting and walking all day. every pair fits the same (except maybe 1, slight waist diff) out about 12 pair i have owned.2. they are truly no-iron. take them out of the drier before the come to a long rest and snap out the wrinkles. they come out dry, not wet or even damp and are wrinkle free. i almost never iron. i have read that the industry uses BPA (yeah the stuff on bottles people hate) to create wrinkle-free pants with permanent creases. i can not say if that is true, but if you are concerned look it up and know that it would be any no-iron pants form any maker.3. colorfast. yes, they might bleed in the wash, but they don't fade. i have had these for years and i can generally get 2 years of of pants i wear at least twice a week and maybe 3 times. i wash at least once a week maybe more because i travel for work and can spend long hours in jets.4. they look great. they are sleek and stylish. not too dressy and not to casual. great look and feel for that matter.5. color choice is great. i love the Taupe and Black but i also have the kahki and the stone/bone and just got the after dark; a color i did not know they offered until this week. the after dark is like a super dark brown/black cross. there might be a hit of dark grey/purple in there in the right lighting but it could be my eye playing tricks. good for shirts that have brown and/or black tones.cons; if there is one it is that these can be hot in summertime if you move around a lot or have limited AC. they are durable so it's borderline con. i live in SO Cal and wear them year round.don't be confused by other Docker pants that so iron-free or non-iron or something like that. they are not the Never-iron ones which is why they are cheaper. this is what you want. i used to have to iron a few hours a week in front of the TV, then my wife took over but eventually "retired" from ironing which is why i found these pants to start with. now i am retired form ironing too, get your life back.