Although it is not solar, it does have a 10-year battery life, so it will not need attention soon. If you don't use the light much, it will probably go 12 years.Although hasn't got atomic sync, it is accurate to +/- 15s per month; good enough! If you're picky, just re set it every other month. If not, re-set it during the time change-over.What sets this model apart is the eDATA mode. It is a mode for storing secret data, such as logins to websites. This mode is protected by a four-digit PIN code, so it will not fall into the wrong hands.The digits for reading the time are nice & big, so the time is always legible at a glance. Add to this 5 multi-function (programmable by date) alarms with text reminder strings, a stopwatch, and countdown timer, and you have a great all-around package.The buttons on the right side of the watch let me scroll upwards or downwards when programming it, so it means less time spent programming. The buttons are easy to press on purpose, as they are nice and big, but not by accident, because they are recessed between the rubber bumpers. The crystal is only mineral glass, but it does not easily get scratched, because it is recessed inside the rubber bezel.The sail-shaped bar graphs at the top are the main point of contention, among G-Shock fans. Some don't like the shape. I don't mind them at all.The time of day is visible in the sub display in the timer and alarm modes, which is handy.The price, being under a hundred bucks, is reasonable too for a G-Shock.The backlight is programmable to either stay on for 1.5 or 3 seconds, since this is the main drain on the battery. 1.5s is enough if you just need the time. If you have to read a sub-display in the dark, you'll want to change it to 3s.The only thing I'd change on this watch would be to offer it in a metal bracelet version, as not everyone likes a PUR (polyurethane resin) band.I give this Casio G-Shock G2900 "Sailman" a 10/10. It has the most useful combination of features for a modern guy of any Casio watch, in my opinion.