I need 100% cotton panties, but finding something low rise that did not show above my pants has proven nearly impossible.  I have tried Hanes and other Jockey bikinis, and found them NOT low rise even when they claimed to be.  Elance in the black color has been the lowest rise of all and works ok for both jeans and working out.  They are not as sexy as I had hoped for, but at this point, I'll take what ever I can get.  They are comfortable, true to size and of good quality.This was originally a 4 star review.  And the BLACK color I ordered still is, see above.  However, I also ordered the pink/ivory/peach color combination because I loved the black so much.  I was disappointed.  I ordered the same size, and the package and tags say bikini, but they do not fit like the same pantie.  They are baggy and the rise is much higher than the black, by 1.5 inches (AFTER washing in hot water and drying on high temp).  These are not low rise as the description and box claim.  These panties show above my MID rise jeans (when standing, I do not have to sit for them to show), and I don't mean they "peak".  At least 3/4 of an inch shows in the back.  In my opinion, these fit like high cut briefs, not low rise bikinis.  I have tried so many styles to try to find LOW rise, 100%  cotton underwear.  I thought I had found something close enough to work in the black.  This other color just doesn't cut it for me, and I am now hesitant to order more of the black.  Will they fit like the first set I bought?  Or will it be more wasted money?  I will keep this order to wear while working out.  They won't show under my karate uniform, but I have yet again wasted money one something that does not live up to its description or my expectations.  I don't think expecting consistency between colors is too much to ask.  I mean come on, a 1.5 inch difference in the rise?UPDATE: I have since ordered a package of white and a package of gray shades. The package of white was, again, larger and higher in the rise, not as bad as before, only about 0.5 inch difference, but enough that the fabric bunched and wrinkled because the fit was too large. The gray shades were perfect fit per the size chart, just like the black. Both sold and shipped by Jockey. Don't know why the lighter colors would be larger, but I'm going to stick with ordering the darker colors.