I have been wearing these for the past five years. Years ago on a family vacation at a lake with a rocky shoreline, I sliced my toe open on a rock. After that I tried various water shoes and sandals over the years, none of which I really liked. Then one day at the beach I saw a friend wearing these, and he bought me a grey pair for my birthday. I have worn nothing else since.I recently bought a second pair in black, not because the first pair had worn out (they still work just fine), but because I wanted a different color, and think the black pair look really sharp. Here is why I like these.1. This is the most heavy duty pair of sandals that I have owned. While some reviews have noted that they are heavier than other sandals (which is true), to me that does not affect their comfort in any way, or the ability to walk or run in them (I like running on the beach with these because I don't have to worry if they get wet).2. These provide the best protection for your feet that I know of. No worries about stubbing your toe because the toe is reinforced like no other sandal or water shoe that I have owned. It's like having the protection of a work boot.One review notes that sand can collect in the toe area and other parts of the sandal when you walk on the beach. True, but it is not uncomfortable, and I just rinse these off when I leave the beach for the day.3. The bottom also provides solid reinforcement. No worries for me about cutting my feet on broken shells at the beach or slippery rocks at the lake. These have also protected my feet from sharp coral reef and jagged volcanic rocks that I have encountered on vacation. These sandals literally saved me from serious personal injury when a jet ski I was riding on vacation flipped over in an area filled with volcanic rocks--I felt them on the bottom of these sandals as I tried to right the jet ski. Without these sandals my feet would have been sliced to ribbons.4. The traction on these is excellent. I have used these to go into the deep end of an empty in ground pool that is coated with slimy algae to clean the walls without losing my balance. I have also used them to climb on jettys at the beach.5. I wear a medium width and recommend that you size up either a half size or full size. My first pair were a full size up and a little loose. My current pair is a half size up and fits perfectly. But each person's feet are different.Bottom line: I wear these for any water related activity that I do--sailing, power boating, jet skiing, walking on the beach, going in the ocean, even swimming in a lake that has a rocky bottom (it is a little tough to swim with them, but I prefer that to slicing my feet on a rock). I highly recommend them.Shop for price. During the summer you can often find them on sale for 15-20% off. I bought mine online on sale from EMS.