This watch has many key features I needed in an everyday watch.- 5 separate alarms which you can set to a single day of week, weekend, weekday, or all week. useful for let's say trash day reminders or school day pickup reminders. The flexibility of the alarms is really key.- 9 interval countdown timers (repeats when done)- 1 countdown timer- stopwatch100 lap (more than enough)- indigo light, excellent nighttime illumination- excellent water resistance and durability. i've had mine for nearly 2 years and it still looks sharp. some of the lettering on the front has rubbed off, but most still visible, colors hold well. and i've put mine thru all sorts of abuse over the years.- large screen and digits for easy viewing at work. i have to record times at work so this was key. date and day of week is easily visible as well.- good battery life. if you don't use light a lot but use alarms regularly can last easily between 1-2 years- excellent price for about 30$CONS:- no vibration, but i don't really need this- dual time zone... actually not ideal because you switch by pushing & holding the start/split button below the face. i accidentally seem to push and hold this button a lot thus it switches my timezone. i've gotten around this by just setting both times to be identical but a bit of a pain- resin band is durable but as always the little moving strap part to tuck away extra band breaks after a while. I discovered a neat trick to use my daughter's small hairband tie folded over twice to secure the extra band now. durable and doesn't look bad (if you pick the right color).- pain in the butt to change the battery (uses CR 2025 by the way). you have to remove both resin band parts first as it slightly overlaps the back case. then there are 4 tiny screws. once the bands are taken off it's pretty straight forward. make sure to align the thin rubber seal before you put the cover on. mine leaked water in after a change until I realized the seal was not sitting properly.Overall, I've been thru smartwatches, fancy watches, solar watches, ... mainly many casio and timex watches. this is by far one of the most practical and best watches I have. I'll be curious to see what google/apple create in the smartwatch category of the years.