I'm a Levi's guy and have worn them for decades, switching from one model to another, depending on the desired fit. The quality of the last model number I'd worn regularly, however, dipped so low that I had to stop buying them (I know some people like paper-thin jeans, but I wear jeans for the reasons they were created, and so I have no use for a paper-thin jean.)At first, I looked around at some alternative brands. While I did find some I liked better then the Levi's I'd been wearing, I didn't find any that satisfied me. After noticing how the 501 STF's seemed heavier, I decided to give them a try for the first time in years.In the beginning, I loved the new fit and the starched denim, all while hoping that the material would remain firm after losing the starch. Unfortunately, the material was not much different then the ultra-thin pre-wash 501's, after a few washes.I also want to note that the seams were ridiculously crooked on some, including one pair where the seam twisted 45 degrees until it was completely in the front. Having been a big fan of Levi's Americana for my entire life, I'm very disappointed in what's become of the brand lately.update: It's time I update this review, so here goes.Since my initial review, I think the Levi Strauss & Co. has rebounded some and is on the way up. I now own many pairs of Levi's that I like, including about a dozen different colors of the 501 STF. I've seen some improvement in the problems listed above, but most of the improvement has centered on updated styling with both old and new models.I'm still disappointed with the diminishing quality of the old models, but they do seem better then they did just a few years back. I'm also disappointed with the rising prices, but I'll continue to buy Levi's until the sale prices I now pay are unjustifiable. I still find many good reasons to criticize Levi's products, also, but I like how the company seems more focused on today's styles, rather then styles of the past, as they have been doing for decades.My reason for updating this review is because I recently purchased the indigo-navy jeans found here (style #005011404), because they were on sale. They look nice, but they're awfully close to the light-blue rigid I already own, so I'm not sure if I'll keep them.Speaking of style numbers, why can't retailers list these so customers know what they're purchasing? Not only do most retailers not do this, but some even change the color name to something else. Levi's should put the color name on the tag, so people can see it in the pictures and while looking at them in stores.Update 2:  I've been wearing these, again, for several years now and mostly love them.  My only problem is that the butt is too large and I agree with others who say that it used to be smaller.  This causes them to sag in the butt on me, which I really don't like.  I think they're now making them so they fit men who really should be wearing relaxed jeans and this is probably why they're so often incorrectly labeled as having a relaxed fit.Update 3:  A while back, I purchased a pair to wear without washing and they fit great.  I don't know how they'll end up after washing, because I sized down in the waist to a size I never and the inseam is my normal length.  Then I purchased another pair with the same waist size, but longer inseam, just to see how they'd fit after soaking.  I'll update this when I do, but just want to say that the only difference with the other pair is that they're 2" longer in the inseam, but despite having the same waist size, they seem MUCH larger in the waist.  So much larger that they're baggy on me, while the others are not, and both are 100% cotton.  Levi's are just odd like that sometimes.