This is nothing short of a screaming deal.  If you are full figured, you know what a problem it is to find a decently priced, well made, designer bra.  Bali is a name brand in this area, and their bras are excellent quality, and pricey.  To get this bra at $7.80, in white, including super saver shipping, is incredible; you cannnot even match this price at outlet stores.  I originally bought three of them about three weeks go, and they just arrived.  The sizing is true to other Bali bras I have purchased.  I just put one on, and it is wonderfully comfortable.  One particular feature that was not described on the web page, nor in reviews, is the back closure.  It was just what I wanted:  four hooks (vertical), in three separate sets (that means there are 12 separate hooks) for providing about one inch play in the width.  Again, this type of closure is difficult to find.  The only thing that I would have liked was some elastic on the straps; however, they do adjust in front to somewhat avoid cutting into the shoulder.  As of today, they are still at this ridiculous price, so I ordered three more.Next day note:  I wore the bra for over 10 hours yesterday, and it's the closest thing I've found to not wearing one at all.  To address concern in other reviews regarding the shaping, i.e., looking "pointy", yes, there is a bit of that.  For those who prefer form fitting clothing, this could be a problem.  This is not a minimizer bra; those will flatten you out if you prefer that look, but the price you pay is in comfort.  At my age, 62, I can tolerate the peaked look because it totally beats the saggy look.  I tend to wear my blouses and sweater tops very loose, so that this issue is not a problem for me.  At the very least, this bra is perfect for working in the garden, when I'm typically wearing an oversized T-shirt.  Another note regarding itching...mine do not, and I have pretty sensitive skin.  However, a suggestion would be to wash the bra first before wearing it the first time.May 28, 2014 update:  These bras wear and wash well.  To keep them in good shape, they are washed in a garment bag with the hooks clasped to prevent bending.