I ordered these because i am having a heck of a time finding hose that are even reasonably comfy now that I'm pregnant.  I am 5'5", 136lbs, and 18 weeks.  I ordered a size C and that turned out to be the right size, even though it's bigger than what the size chart would suggest i ordered.  I am not sure that I will stll be a C for much longer but we will see.  I hate pantyhose in general, but due to my job I must wear hose or tights when i wear a dress or skirt.  Pregnancy has made me hate them even more.Pros:Legs breathe better than a lot of other brands of pantyhose (maternity or regular). particularly the legs and feetShorter "panty" part so no worry of it peaking out under the bottom of my dress (unlike Assets); this panty length is similar to regular or control top non-maternity hoseAt least with this size and my size, it's not tight around the belly.  I can feel it much like I might feel a pair of socks on my feet, but it's not pressing me in (I avoid anything labeled "support")Cons:Crotch does not breathe! I felt like I was wearing a wet swimsuit all day as a result. Will have to figure out a solution for this.Still no cotton crotch (why won't any brands of hose make a fully cotton, breathable crotch??)Still goes over the belly (I really would like to find a brand that has the waistband going *under* my belly, as i don't like the feel of anything on the belly)Price - more expensive than some other brandsHow long will it last?  Before pregnancy i occassionally bought Berkshire non-maternity hose, and the fabric on the legs of these appears the same or similar.  I found that my old ones tended to run more easily than, say, Leggs.  But today is the first day i've worn these so I'm not positive that I will run into the same problem.Overall these are the best over-belly hose I've found, so I will purchase more pairs and just be extra careful about avoiding runs.I also purchased some Motherhood Maternity hose (not available on Amazon) that are supposed to go just below the belly button, and I pulled those way way down fully below the belly and that sort of does the trick in terms of being underbelly hose (at least for now).  And....I'm still looking for breathable cotton maternity tights!