I am a huge fan of Under Armour's workout apparel, and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts, also own several each of Under Armour's Tech T-shirts (0382) and the Loose Gear shirts (0084) - I've written reviews on those as well.Ok, let's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt. It isn't for everybody. It's tight - a compression fit, the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights, but on your upper body. Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit, and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that, it's a high-quality, great-performing shirt. It provides a lot of muscle support, and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry. As I said, not everyone will like the fit, especially at first, but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings. Athletes in competitive team sports - football, hockey, etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you don't have a perfect body needn't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support, regardless of what sport or workout you are into. In fact, if you're just a little bit soft, it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks. You can always wear another shirt over it if you're self-conscious, just don't like how it looks on you, or haven't quite burned off enough fat yet. If you have a good physique, what can I say - you're going to look hot in this shirt. In fact, it's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first. I usually wear a size XL in the other, looser Under Armour shirts, but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these. They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight. I love this shirt in black, but there's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you can't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry. UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat, and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off. I've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up, even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat, but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch (a lot!). Either way, I haven't taken any chances.