I saw Invicta watches on that Shopxxx show on tv for quite some time and always admired the look and style of some of the models shown.  I did a lot of research on the internet and one of the models everyone seemed to rave about was the 8926.  The reviews were mostly positive but there were complaints about watches received with the hands falling off under the crystal, stopping after a few days and poor customer service overall from Invicta.  After viewing information on the forums the people who owned in some cases eight Invicta watches all agreed that you got a lot of watch for the money.  Even though I was skeptical about their quality I ordered the 8926 from Amazon.  I waited to write this review until I had actually worn the watch for a week, at work and at home as well to see how well it performed in every day use.  First off I couldn't beat the price from Amazon anywhere on the internet, even cheaper yet with free shipping.  When the watch arrived it came in the traditional Invicta yellow cheese box.  The pictures on line do not do the watch justice.  The stainless steel case and bracelet are polished and flawless, the center of each link has a smooth polished finish and the sides have a brushed finish.  This particular watch has a mineral crystal on the face and the back so you can see the main spring and auto winding rotor.  You can wind it as well.  I took out some links to fit it to my wrist, wound it up as suggested in the manual and set it and to my surprise the Miyota 21 jewel movement has not missed a beat in over six days, by far accurate enough for me.  I work in a health club and during the course of the day banged it more than a few times loading a washer up right on the crystal.  After checking, not a scratch and it didn't lose a second.  There were some negative reviews on the Amazon site from people who bought the 8926 but in my experience I didn't have any of the problems they described.  So far this is one solid, classy looking watch.  Just taking it off of your wrist, turning it over and watching the thing tick away through the crystal on the back is a blast.  So far so good, and if you are into an automatic watch ( it winds itself with the swinging motion of your arm ) this could be the one for you.