I am an underwear fanatic. For me its the most important item of clothing period when speaking about overall comfort. An uncomfortable pair of boxers can make even the most comfortable outfits unbearable. I have tried boxers from pretty much every manufacturer that exists and Ex Officio's Give'N'Go boxer is at the top of the list for the 25 dollar price range. I have read a lot of the reviews on Amazon and the people that say these are the best boxers on the market simply dont know what they are talking about. I dont know if they just aren't very good at judging underwear or if its that they simply haven't tried the better brands that exist. Either way there are better boxers out there, its just going to cost you more money to get them. For example, Cloudveil's boxers are not only more comfortable, they are also far better at wicking away moisture. With that being said they are also 60.00 a pair. Hanro of Switzerland is another brand that is superior to Ex Officio and there are others as well. So again dont listen to those trying to make these boxers out to be the greatest thing since sliced bread because there are better boxers out there. Again its just going to cost you more money to get them.It may seem like I am giving these a negative review but I am not. These are outstanding boxers and I gave them 5 stars. They are extremely comfortable and the wicking properties are decent. If your a really heavy sweater than you might be a bit disappointed in regards to the wicking properties and you might want to think about investing in some of those higher quality brands. I wear the Ex Officio if I am going to be doing light to moderate activities. They are perfect for traveling. If I am going to be doing more strenuous activities like working out or skiing then I definitely reach for my higher quality boxers like the Cloudveil.Bottom line - While these are not the best boxers out there as some have suggested, they are one of the best boxers out there in the 25.00 dollar price range. They have a nice fit, are extremely comfortable and have decent wicking properties. If your looking for the most bang for your buck then you should definitely try a pair of these. Odds are you will wind up buying more! If your new to Ex Offico then I highly recommend checking out their entire line of clothing. They are easily one of my favorite clothing companies. Their Insect repellent clothing...now that might be the greatest thing since sliced bread!!Highly recommended!