Having lived in warm climates most of life, including Hawaii, I spend most of the year wearing flip flops  am a serious connoisseur. The Sanuk Yoga Mat is one of my all time favorites. I bought these last summer after trying them on in a local store that only had them in black. I couldn't justify another pair of black flip flops at the time so I left them behind, but literally couldn't stop thinking about them.I finally purchased them from Amazon in Aqua (so many colors) and I live in them. The aqua is true to color (on my monitor). They are actually made of recycled yoga mats and Sanuk is a very eco-conscious company, which is important to me. They arrived in a reusable bag that looked like plastic but was made of non-GMO tapioca root. Bags made of tapioca root use less petroleum, energy, and water, thus producing a lesser carbon footprint than ones made of plastic. These flip flops are also vegan (meaning they are not made with any animal products or by-products). Awesome.In addition to having had surgery on both ankles, I suffer from a chronic pain condition, so I'm all about comfortable shoes. The recycled yoga mat soles are incredibly plush, cushiony, and flexible, with a slighter firmer bottom layer that wears well. As with most flip flops, they only have the very slightest arch support, so beware if this is something you require. They soles provide plenty of shock absorption which I really notice when compared to other flip flops.The straps are synthetic and well-made. They do not have that crappy fake leather look. The interior of the straps have an aqua and white gingham design that adds a nice detail and make the Sanuk Yoga Mat Flip Flops stand out. The piece that slips in between your toes is made of a soft canvas-like material that forms to your foot. The entire shoe can get wet without damage.The white Sanuk branding on the heel of these flip flops wears off relatively quickly until it totally disappears. Unlike some flip flops with soft soles, these do not permanently mold to your foot but bounce back each time you take them off.If I had the cash floating around, I would absolutely own a pair of these in every color. Considering we had an unseasonably warm winter, I've worn these flip flops almost every day and other than the tiny chunk of sole ripped off by a foster kitten (with seriously sharp teeth who chewed on everything), they still look practically new.Buy these now. Just not in my size!