Watch Quality:This watch is really durable. Stainless steel band seems to be well made. After about a year of daily usage it shows no signs of wear.I read a review that someone wore this watch in a swimming pool and it was ruined. I think that person must have not tightened the screw for adjusting the time. I wear this watch everywhere... hot tubs, pools, shower. I dropped this face down on concrete. Big chip out of the face. Still works perfectly and is waterproof.I definitely like the Eco-Drive concept of never having to use a battery.Functionality:This watch was manufactured with the ability to be within 15 seconds (plus or minus) per month. I think this is accurate. I only re-calibrate it when I have to adjust it for months with 30 days. 24 hour time is automatically kept in sync with AM/PM time. When the battery is running low the watch the second hand moves 2 places every 2 seconds instead one place of every second.Eco-Drive:If you watch battery is 100% dead it will take about 14 minutes of direct sunlight to get it going again, 1 hour if it is overcast, 3.5 hours directly under a 30w fluorescent light or about 22 hours indoors. The amount of light the watch requires to operate for one day is 2 minutes of direct sunlight, 5 minutes if it is overcast, 15 minutes directly under a 30w fluorescent light or about 1.5 hours indoors. For the battery to go from 0% to 100% full it will take 6 hours of direct sunlight, 17 hours if it is overcast, 53 hours directly under a 30w fluorescent light or about 320 hours indoors. All these times are estimates.Pilot's Watch:Beyond keeping time and date the features of this watch are useless to me. They are 100% for pilots to use while they are flying.The calculations that are available are:Calculation of time required - How long does it take an airplane flying at 180 knots to fly a distance of 450 nautical miles?Speed (Ground Speed) Calculation - What is the speed (ground speed) of an airplane when it takes 1 hour and 20 minutes to fly a distance of 240 nautical miles?Fuel consumption calculation.Fuel consumption rate calculation.Multiplication and Division - Very difficult to figure out how this works. I have never used it because I need to have the manual to be able to use it.Reading ratios - 30:20 = 60/x &lt;- I don't understand how this works or the equation it solves.Square RootMy Review:This is a well made watch that looks great. I am really pleased with the quality. The only setback is that the extra features are useless to me. I would probably purchase a chronograph if I could do it over again just because I have no use for the features. The multiplication features are to difficult to remember to use on a daily basis.