I bought this to replace the current orange triathlon "sleek". That watch had nice functionality but its buttons were too stiff (really) and it drove me absolutely nuts.This watch may not be quite as pretty as the sleeks but otherwise I'm very pleased with it. For those familiar with the sleek this one differs in the following ways:1) Buttons actually work (wow!)2) 30 instead of 50 laps (can still store them)3) No interval timer. I never used this anyway. Since the count-down timer can be set to repeat every time it fires (or not; this is an option) I never understood the point of the interval timer. It seems Timex didn't anyway, so it's gone. I continue to use the timer function on a daily basis for anything from workouts to reminding me to turn something off in, say, 20 minutes.4) The three alarms have a slightly different tone. There is still the 5 minutes "snooze" if you don't turn the alarm off. After 5 min it will fire again one more time.5) Occasion function is on this watch but was not on the others. You can choose from about a dozen occasions (bill, gift, etc.) and assign one to a single day. It will then fire that day at 8:00.6) When you stop and reset the timer the reset is instantaneous. There is still a "hold to reset" on the chrono, but it never made sense on the timer and was a slight annoyance. In this case they have removed it, awesome. Can reset it instantly.7) Indiglo is a blue instead of green tone. This works perfectly in dark. There is only a very thin spectrum of early evening in which perhaps you cannot see the watch well enough without indiglo but with it turned on it's not bright enough. I know others have complained about this, but it's never been a problem for me and as you can tell by this, my third review of timex ironman watches, I am pedantic about them.Other notes, this watch still has the "time 2" for another time zone (I've never used it). You can still change the chrono format so that laps are on the top vs bottom, for example, and there are still two lines (so that you can see total time plus current laptime at the same time). The battery can be replaced (I presume; I did it on an earlier triathlon watch successfully) but the watch strap is not replaceable; if it breaks it will deem the watch worthless. They are pretty strong straps, though, and this one is stronger (plus stays put better) than the black triathlon sleek from around four years ago (Which can still be bought in some places).This watch is not quite as pretty as the sleek but otherwise has a perfect complement of functionality. I've not taken it underwater yet except for in the shower. My watch never comes off my wrist.