These are great socks!  They are provide a lot of cushion and comfort, and they keep my feet warm in both the cold weather, and while walking around my house during the day.  If you're like most people, your house might feel warm, but your floors are cold and your feet become cold as a result.  I bought these because I wanted to keep my feet and toes warm during the bitterly cold winter months, and I've found that I also like to wear these socks when I'm at home because they are so soft and keep my feet warm.Because these socks are so expensive, and I was tempted to give them 4 stars instead of 5, but I will give them 5 stars because I'm reviewing the product itself, not the price or perceived value.  I would definitely buy these socks again (although the purchase price will make you think you went to a sit-down dinner).  Once you receive these socks, you will not regret it because they are so comfortable and they'll keep your feet warm.  Having warm feet in the winter months might make the difference between having a great time, seeing all of the Christmas lights, and focusing on whatever you're doing while being happy and comfortable, or having a bad time, feeling cold and wet, being miserable, and leaving early.Pay close attention to their cleaning instructions.  I believe that it is safe to wash them on warm, but they recommend cold water.  Also, they suggest that you dry them inside out for only a short period of time (2 to 8 minutes in your clothes dryer) until they are warm, but still relatively wet.  I believe that drying them completely in the clothes dryer will compromise their threads and cushion over time.  They may also suggest washing them inside out, but I cannot remember because I threw away the instructions.  One thing that I recommend is cutting out the directions (if they're small enough) and taping them to the side of your washer, and if necessary, write a description of the item that the instructions belong to so you won't forget.  Obviously, if you care about how your washer looks (perhaps it is visible to guests or you like it to have a cleaner, less-cluttered look), you won't want to do this, but for people (like me) who forget the clothing care instructions from time to time and have my washer and dryer hidden in a basement that no one sees, you may want to consider my suggestion.Overall, these are great socks, and I am very grateful that I bought a couple pairs for getting through these cold winter months.  My wife and I will both be grateful when we go to see the Christmas lights at the zoo, and we are warm enough to walk through the entire place to see all of them.