Intro:In my opinion if you like dive watches, this model is a must have.  Dive watches aren't just for diving, they make the best beater watches because they are built extra tough and the Seiko line of dive watches are built extra-extra tough.Watch Model:The watch being reviewed is the SKX007K2 which is the black dialed black bezel version.  There is another model called the SKX009K2 that has a blue dial and pepsi colored bezel.Watch Movement:This model has an automatic movement in it as opposed to a battery operated quartz movement.  The automatic movement, known in Rolex circles as "perpetual" has a pendulum and clutch that moves when you move your arm.  This is unnoticed by the wearer.  The wearer's motion keeps the main spring constantly wound.  This particular model uses the Seiko 7S26(A or B) caliber movement.  I suspect that if you purchase this watch now you'll get the 7S26B version.  The B version has a couple of improvements over the A version and you can read about them if you do a search on it.  The 7S26 caliber movement can be compared to the Miyota (Citizen) 8215 movement found in the Invicta line of watches like the Invicta 8926 Submariner homage.  Both movements have 21 jewels, and both are non-hacking.  But, the Myota can be manual wound and the Seiko cannot.  The Seiko will wind in both pendulum directions and the Myota only winds in one pendulum direction.  Both movements have about the same accuracy and same power reserves.  For those of you that are environmentally conscious, this is the "greenest" type of watch movement.Watch Bracelet:The bracelet is a stainless steel jubilee style bracelet.  The name "jubilee" comes from Rolex and is an iconic bracelet found on the Rolex Datejust and Day/Date models.  The Seiko bracelet is actually a very good quality bracelet given the price point of this watch.  The center links are folded, but the ends are solid.  This makes a very solid yet light bracelet that is very comfortable and strong.  Seiko also sells a very comfortable rubber strap for this watch that is not too expensive.Watch Size:The watch is right around 40mm without the crown.  With the crown it's around 43mm.  The crown is at the four o'clock position which makes is very comfortable.  The watch is around 13mm thick.  The width and height are important numbers to determine if a watch will feel balanced on the wrist.  The Seiko numbers are very good for providing a well balanced feel on the wrist.  The lug width is 22mm which is a common width for dive watches.  This means that you can find a lot of aftermarket straps and bracelets that will fit this watch if you want to experiment.Watch Case:The case is a combination polished and brushed stainless steel.  This combination is a time tested classic look.  The shape of the case has smooth lines with no pointy or pokey areas on the watch.  The case reminds me of the way the Japanese create a sense of ergonomics like no one else can.  The uni-directional bezel is a double coin edge type that is both functional and great looking.  It has a glow in the dark flat oyster at the twelve o'clock position.  The crown is at the four o'clock position and screws down.  There is a rubber gasket in the crown so that when it is screwed down it will make the watch "water proof."  The case also has a crown protector which creates a barrier from damage.  This is imperative on a beater tool watch.Watch Face:The face is black.  The hour markers are large dots with differentiators at the six, nine, and twelve o'clock positions.  These markers are coated with a luminescent material (Lumibrite) that glows in the dark.  When looking at the watch in pitch black conditions, it is totally readable.  The hands are iconic of this watch.  The most striking is the minute hand.  It is large and draws the eye to it.  This is important when diving because you are most concerned with the number of minutes you've spent down.  The seconds hand is identifiable because of the lollipop at one end so it is unmistakable in low light conditions.  All the hands are glow in dark.  It has a day/date display that can display either English or Spanish, and is highly readable.  The crystal is made out of a Seiko proprietary material known as "Hardlex."  Most watches have crystals that are made out of either mineral or sapphire.  Mineral crystals have the benefit of being flexible so they can take a knock without breaking, but they scratch easy.  Sapphire crystals are virtually impossible to scratch without a diamond, yet they are not flexible so they can shatter.  Hardlex is somewhere in between and performs very well in this regard.Summary:Perhaps this watch can be considered as one of the all time greatest watches at any price?