I wear sandals 12 months out the year, and up until recently I have worn Columbia Men's Tango Thong full time. The Tangos only shortcoming was that it was a not a good sandal when it got wet, due to the fabric insole. So I decided to try something different with a rubber insole, The Sperry Santa Cruz. My review will compare the two.Sizing: I wear a 10.5 in most everything, and a size 11 was a perfect fit. I have a semi wide foot that the Tango's suited well and the Santa Cruz's are slightly narrower sandal. Edge to the TangoStyle: Of course very subjective, but I give the edge to the Santa Cruz. The boat shoe like style is too my liking.Comfort: This is a major category for me. Im in sandals almost every day year round. From walking all day in them to fishing in them, Im just a sandal guy. The only time I wear shoes is at work. The Tango has a cushier insole and more arch support then the Santa Cruz. The Tango's strap is also slightly more comfortable. The initial break-in of the Santa Cruz's led to irritated skin along the strap. The Tango's strap is of a softer material, while the Santa Cruz is tougher. Walking extended periods of time they are about the same, my feet never get fatigued in either.Durability/Functionality: One of the main reasons I decided to try soething different was the poor wet performance due to its fabric insole. It would become water logged and mushy to walk in. It was also harder to clean for the same reason. The Santa Cruz, with it's rubber insole, doesn't have this problem, yet still is comfortable and supportive. Second reason for moving away from the Tango's was that both pairs I had, the thin portion of the strap pulled out the sole. Not the whole thing, just the fabric overlay. They still functioned but looked silly. The sole of the Tango was thicker, hence would keep your foot dry when stepping in puddles and such, almost like a sole of an trail shoe. The Santa Cruz isn't as thick and its treads are not near as aggressive for releasing mud/debris.Overall, if I didn't need a sandal that could perform while wet, I would of stayed with the Tango's. However, the Santa Cruz offers similar comfort with increased functionality, but has it has drawbacks as well.  Ideally I would have a pair of both, I would wear the Tango for everything except wet situations.