If you're looking for an affordable watch that captures the look of the classic Rolex Submariner without the Swiss price tag or the hassle of a mechanical movement, the Invicta 8932 is certainly one to consider. At ~40mm diameter, the 8932 would once have been considered a rather large watch. With today's trend of larger and larger men's watches, however, this is probably now considered more of a small-to-medium watch. That's great for those of us with smaller wrists or those looking for something more understated than the usual oversized men's diver. It's also nice because, unlike many current diver-style offerings, it is essentially the same size as the original Submariner. It also immediately puts to rest one of the major complaints about Invicta as a brand, which is that their watches are almost all absurdly oversized. That may be true generally but certainly doesn't apply to the 8932, which is elegant and subtle in proportion rather than dishplate-sized.Fit and finish are decent for a watch at this price point. Bracelet is solid, end-links are not. The bracelet is held together by split pins, some of which are much more difficult to adjust than others. It took me about ten minutes to resize the bracelet for my wrist, and the watch includes micro-adjustments for the best possible fit. The clasp is somewhat thin and flimsy and gives the otherwise solid bracelet a bit of a cheap, rattly feel. The bezel offers a bit of resistance when it turns but provides a satisfying, clean click and no unwanted movement or play. The wide-scalloped bezel doesn't grip as easily or look as nice as the classic coin-edge. I would also prefer an entirely brushed bracelet, that's mostly an issue of taste.The face is attractive but slightly cluttered with excess text and the prominent Invicta logo. It reads "PROFESSIONAL / 660ft-200M / WATER RESISTANT / QUARTZ" but in my opinion, could easily be shortened to "660ft-200M / QUARTZ." The magnifying cyclops works but, as with my larger Invicta 0590, is placed slightly high and slightly crooked. The left side of the case sports the ubiquitous "Invicta" stamped logo. Lume is acceptable but nothing to write home about - it only stays bright for a short time after exposure to light, but remains legible for several hours thereafter.In terms of function, this is obviously a quartz movement and not a mechanical like the real Rolex and many other homages. At this price point, I actually find that desirable as I think a low-end quartz movement is more accurate and less prone to failure and quality-control issues than a low-end mechanical movement. Plus I think it's more reasonable to spend a few dollars on a replacement battery every few years than have to have the movement regularly serviced for a cost equal to or surpassing the watch's original price. On my particular watch, the second-hand lines up reasonably well with the minute markers. It does occasionally give a slight shake or rebound as it ticks but that doesn't seem to affect overall accuracy or alignment. Additionally, although the watch boasts a 200M water resistant rating, the crown does not screw in. I think the watch should be fine for "gentle" immersion like swimming but I would hesitate to wear it for more high-impact water activities like water-skiing, in which water might force its way under the unsecured crown.The watch doesn't perfectly imitate its much more expensive inspiration: The bezel numerals are in a slightly blockier font, the bezel edge is a wide scallop edge instead of coin edge, the Invicta logo is featured rather prominently on the dial, the second hand, and the side of the case.If you're looking for a small- to mid-sized men's watch that closely resembles the Rolex Submariner, for a tiny fraction of the price, the Invicta 8932 is certainly worthy of your consideration. I got mine for $45 at a deal-a-day site and at that price I'll be satisfied if the watch survives a couple years or more. The cheaper you can find this watch, the better, as it is clearly overpriced at the absurd MSRP.