This is the first sports bra I've bought that wasn't one of those one-piece, uniboob-creating deals you find in sports apparel outlets.  It's such an improvement over struggling into/out of one of those, I was tempted to give it 5 stars on that alone.  It's not especially stretchy, so it's pretty firm where it should be firm and holds you in place.  To me, that's a plus.I love that it has actual cups and center gore.  One of my top complaints about one piece, standard sports bras was that I always had an uncomfortable trickle of sweat between my boobs during workouts, and it looked relatively obscene to try to wipe it in any way.  This has eliminated that problem.It also fits much better than a typical S/M/L size does, and as a result I don't have extreme irritated red lines anywhere.  Any good, supportive bra is going to make a little bit of impression on your skin, but what I experienced between this bra and the other type is night and day.I felt supported, but I have less than a D cup and I don't do much high impact exercise, so I might not be the best person to evaluate maximum support needs.  It kept me from bouncing on the elliptical, the treadmill, and that weird machine that's a cross between a stair stepper and an elliptical.  Sometimes I actually have felt bouncy on those in other bras, so there is some improvement in that department.Some other reviewers complained about it feeling wet after they sweat in it, but as far as I understand, all fabrics feel wet when saturated with liquids.  Felt no different to me than when I delayed taking off my old "sweat wicking technology" bras, which would just feel cold and mildly squishy if not removed quickly.  Who's marinating in their workout bra for hours after they're done?  Gross, dudes.Lastly, the distinct lack of uniboob is nice.  The cups are full enough not to give me underarm cleavage, which nobody ever wants even if you're not trying to look like a haute couture model in the gym or on the track.I don't have the experience to compare it to similar styles in any other brand or material, but this is a better and affordable alternative to your average cupless sports bra.  I only have one concern:  I am short (5'1") and have pretty small shoulders by any standards, but these straps felt a teeny bit snug even on the longest strap placement.  I'm not sure if this would fit as well on a taller person.  It would not surprise me to hear that other people found the straps too short/too tight, even though I found them comfortable enough and adjusted to the feel after wearing it for a bit.  Still, nowhere NEAR as tight as a one piece uniboober.  Also, I can see how some people might feel the band runs small or snug.  It doesn't have nearly as much stretch as you may be used to in a bra, so be cautious while ordering.  Measure yourself for sure.