First let me say I never give anything 5 stars, as everything can be improved. However, this watch deserves 4.5, alas it is not available. I received Citizens BL5250-02L Eco-Drive Perpetual watch today. Very pleased with face of watch, absolutely beautiful. It is a medium large watch but is a little thicker than I would like, but how they get all that incredible technology in a watch I guess I can understand the need for the thickness. The solar eco-drive and perpetual calendar were deal makers, and to top it off the all titanium body and st. steel base make it perfect. This watch needs to be titanium, otherwise I think it would be too heavy. The weight seemed about perfect for a watch of this style. I like leather bands, especially brown, but this is a personal preference, but it did influence my purchase in a positive way,  just a little. Now, I read several reviews about the difficulty setting the watch. Please reference &lt;...>, this will make it quite easy.  Plus, once its set you never have to set it again!!! I set the L-TM (Local time) to DST which works for me since I don't do much traveling, and just swap between L-TM and TME (Time) as needed twice a year. It is rare for me to spend this much on a watch, but my lust got the best of me. I simply am a sucker for watches. This will be one of my favorites I'm sure. The rotating bezel is highly polished and some said this made the watch look cheap, I don't agree, but this too is an individual preference. I love a rotating bezel as I use the bezel frequently when I need a simple, quick 'time elapsed' available to me. I am a scuba diver, but would use one of my cheaper diving watches instead of this beaut. I would like to see the second band retaining loop a little tighter fit. Some have complained about not having a day, i.e., Thur, Fri, Sat, etc., sub-dial, however, the face would simply be too crowed. This three sub-dial look is beautiful, and traditional. I guess those who travel across the date-line may need a day indicator, but most of use know what day it is, just check your iPhone if this is a problem?! A watch of this caliber is not meant to be a computer, just a beautiful time piece, at that it is! No one watch can meet everyones need, but for me this is as close as it gets. I will update review if there is a problem I encounter. I will update if I encounter a problem.I highly recommend this watch.