First, some sizing notes: This bra runs big in the band. I wear a 30F or a 32DD, depending on the brand/style. This bra fits me perfectly on the smallest hooks. In the long run, that'll make it uncomfortable and big on me, but it's so awesome otherwise, I'm giving it five stars, especially considering the low price.Small band sizes are hard to find. I'm glad Bali makes some 32 bands. Most American companies do not, and those of us with the unfortunate combo of small band size/large cup size usually have to purchase very pricey European brands.  That's another reason I'm giving this bra five stars. I paid sixteen dollars and change for it. It fits as well (and is more comfortable) than most of my fancy high end bras. No, it isn't as pretty, but one does need some plain bras!Yes, this bra is truly old school. It's not stylish enough to be called "retro." Has Bali been making this bra since the early 1960's? It looks like that might be true! Thing is, for those of us who are big and saggy, this shape can be very flattering. I'm a small gal with a big chest, and old school bras are really great for my shape. No, I wouldn't wear this under a tight t-shirt, but it's fabulous under any other clothes. I am surprised at how "natural" it looks with clothes on, 'cause it really gives one old school torpedo shapeOn to the scratchiness that so many are complaining about. Out of the package, this bra feels really fake and almost plastic-y. That sounds awful, doesn't it? Well, I don't find it scratchy on, and believe me, I am very, very sensitive. I'm always complaining about bras! This one is very comfortable! However, I would venture to guess that if it was too tight, it wouldn't be. The elastic seems less scratchy to me than many of my other bras, and this weird fabric actually feels quite good on. Another thing is the straps. Some have complained that they fall down. I am surprised by this, too, as I have very small sloping shoulders and I've found the straps stay up easily.Gals, get fitted. If you're wearing a bra that doesn't fit properly, you'll be making the straps too tight, and that's when they start falling down a lot. A bra in the right size is a must. It's hard to find when you are my size, and I wish this bra came in a size 30, but it's so darned close to perfect and such a great price that I'm very happy with it!