I've been lusting after this watch for about a month and finally bought it - I couldn't be happier. I've read most of the reviews and will attempt not to repeat those in detail. So, here's my observations:1) I wanted a watch with a brown leather band with a "rugged look" without being clunky. I saw this and thought it would work, but was a bit put off by the pictures on Amazon's site. When I finally got the watch, I was very pleasantly surprised that the actual watch looked much better in real life than the pictures on the site. Some reviewers say the watch and/or band was "shiny" and not to their liking. I find the leather band looks rich and the "chrome" look on the bezel enhanced the looks since it was much less "silvery" looking than a brushed silver finish would be. Amazing how tastes vary amongst people.2)  I've made a kind of pact with myself that since I'm a "watch person" with over 20 in my collection, that I would no longer buy watches that require batteries, and would also strive to buy watches with a wireless timekeeping connection. Okay, so this watch doesn't have the wireless timekeeping connection, but it is solar powered. A big plus.3) The perpetual calendar is great.4) The watch (for the week that I've had it) is keeping time within seconds of the atomic clock in Boulder.5) I like the tachymeter function for the few times I want to calibrate my car's speedometer and for those other times when I'm surreptitiously measuring manufacturing times in factories I visit in Asia.Having said all that, there are a few nits:1) The alarm is REALLY non-existent. Okay, I'm an older guy, but I can't really hear the alarm unless I'm specifically listening to it. And, it's a bear to set. Seiko owns the market on loud wrist watch alarms and also on luminous hands, numerals, etc.2) The stop watch function is really rudimentary. Having to pull out the crown and rotate it to change to the stop watch mode is really cumbersome. Once you pull out the crown, rotate it, push it back in, and push the start/stop button you've probably missed what you wanted to time. And then, you only have a start-stop function - no lap function. And, to reset the stop watch, a long push on the start/stop button does it - totally counter-intuitive since normally if the top right button starts & stops the timing, the bottom right button resets it.BOTTOM LINE: I like the watch for what I bought it for - it's probably one of the better looking watches I own - I would buy it again and recommend it to a friend.