The movement on this watch is great and keeps excellent time, but this newer version of an old favorite has some changes you need to be aware of.  The issue is the band.  This band is lighter weight than the previous version and seems less secure where it attaches to the watch face.  I have no reason to think it's not well attached except that there seems to be more daylight between the band and the watch body than I'm used to.  The watch body itself is very slim and never gets caught on my cuffs or anything else like thicker ones seem too.I had the older version of this watch years ago and loved it so much I decided to return to that style.  This one looks identical in the pictures and is a fine looking watch (I've had it mistaken for a Rolex), but the band is not only lighter than it used to be, it is shorter.  I have big wrists but have always had to have a couple of links removed from all bands in the past.  This band is tight with no links removed, but worse, the curve of the clasp is sufficiently rigid that it cuts into my wrist when I rest my hand on the desk while typing at the computer and becomes painful.  For someone with a smaller wrist that may not be the problem it is for me.  This band will fit a wrist up to 7.25" but is quite tight at that size.  I recommend purchasers to have wrists no bigger than 7".  Maybe 7 1/8 max.  My wrist is 7.25 and I ended up giving the watch to my daughter because it was too uncomfortable for me to wear.  I will say she loves it.  She finds it perfectly comfortable and especially likes that it seems to go with pretty much everything from dressy to casual.Re the clasp closure.  I've noticed several reviewers had trouble closing the clasp.  The previous version of this watch closed by simply pressing the foldover clasp closed.  This one is slightly different.  Although it looks the same, you need to overshoot the closure by a little when folding the clasp together and let the top portion slide back onto the bottom portion where it settles into the closed position.  It's just a small amount, but I was actually happy to see this because the thing that finally gave out on my old watch was the closure.  It would no longer stay closed no matter what adjustments we tried.  With this version, since there's that little shift backward to close it (and you need to shift it forward a bit to open it easily) the clasp is bound to last longer.  This motion is hard, however, if the band is tight to begin with and you don't have the play to slide it a bit for closing and opening.In the end, I still really like the watch itself, but the band just didn't work for me.  Potential buyers need to be aware of the fit issue and that the band is not the weight you may have had with Seiko watches in the past.  If those things don't matter to you, you should be satisfied with this purchase.  The watch remains a wonderfully classic style.