Invicta's 8926 is the dive watch that started it all - the watch that kept Invicta from going out of business - like other Swiss watch making firms did as Oriental made quartz watches flooded the shelves of retailers worldwide in the 1980's! For an overall look rivaling the Rolex Submariner at 1/15 the cost, Invicta provides a $100 automatic diver with stainless steel bracelet unrivaled in quality and performance. Let's take a tour of this diving watch and note the value and style of the timepiece:MovementThe Citizen Miyota 21 jewel movement rivals Swiss automatic movements for a fraction of the price. If it has any weakness - it is in the small power reserve - losing it's mainspring energy with less than one day off the wrist. IF not worn everyday- it should be put on a programmable watch winder or manually wound. The second hand will not "hack" with this movement. A date (complication) window shows at the 3 o'clock position. It must be manually adjusted every February and other 30 day months.CaseThe 43mm (with crown) 316L brushed stainless steel case wears comfortably on the wrist. The case lugs are modestly curved to accomodate wrists of all sizes. The new model (larger screw down crown)l ooks elegent as it gracefully projects from the case with a scuplted crown protector.The black dive bezel - unidirectional 120 clicks around - is scalloped like the Omega Seamaster and is a departure from older model 8926's which flaunted a Rolex like "coin edge" bezel. Under pressure from Rolex it was changed by Invicta two years ago. The black enamel bezel is very scratch resistant - the numbers clear and bold.The Mineral Glass crystal is scratch resistant - but not nearly as much as a more desirable sapphire watch face (imprinted only by diamond) which could triple the cost of the watch. Mineral glass is less prone to chipping or shattering than a sapphire crystal. The display watchback is also mineral glass - displaying the undecorated Miyota automatic movement. Mineral glass backs are less likely to cause skin irritation than a stainless steel backed case.A date magnifier (Cyclops) at the 3 o'clock position carries on the Submariner theme. The watch hands contrast wonderfully with the Invicta black dial. The LUME off the watch hands and number positions is modest - both in brightness and longevity as compared to more expensive dive watches. A "winged" Invicta symbol decorates the counter - balanced side of the second hand. An elegent "INVICTA" product name is embossed on the left side of the case. The watch is rated as a Professional Diver 200M (660 feet) water resistant.BraceletThe comfortable stainess steel pinned link bracelet is worth the price of the watch. Solid end links, rounded flexible brushed steel wrist links set off the polished stainless steel center links - all made to look like the Rolex Oyster bracelet. The bracelet's center links are the only part of the watch prone to scratching. The foldover adjustable double safety clasp uses pins as well. There is no wetsuit deployment clasp as found in more expensive watches.CONCLUSIONRated 5 Stars because of value and features, the Invicta 89XX series of Professional Dive Watches has kept the company in the forefront of automatic movement watch manufacturers. No one can touch Invicta in the $100 area Pro-diver price range. Fit, finish, design, value and quality cannot be beat. This IS the leader in its class. Those desiring a Swiss made watch with Sapphire crystal and heftier bracelet should first look at the Invicta 9937 for about threetimes the price.[...]