I get cold easily. At home sitting, outside, running, whatever, I get cold. I have owned coldgear in the past and has good results, felt warm in cooler without ever getting overheated. However, the ones I used to have didn't keep me warm when it got below say 45 degrees or so. I needed a new pair, so bought this "Frosty" pair that supposedly would keep me even warmer than my last pair.Not so. These don't keep me particularly warm. They are thinner than my other pair, and I feel like the wind cuts right through them. Granted, I don't jog anymore due to a neck/back injury, but I fast walk, which in my experience, warms me up as fast and as well as jogging ever did. It was only 55 degrees out this morning, but humid here in the Seattle area. Maybe it was the humidity, it was kind of "misty" out. Someone from Seattle or a cool and humid place like it might know what I mean, it was cloudy, not raining, but the air had definate moisture in it that gets your clothes damp and condenses a little on your skin. Not sure if that matters, but I felt a damp chill as the light wind hit me. I was shivering within minutes and did not get warm thereafter. Like I said, I do get cold easily, but I feel since these are rating for colder temperatures than I am usually out in here in Seattle, I feel like they should have kept me much warmer than they did. They are very thin, not as thick as my last pair, and I felt not thick enough to block wind at all.The fit was better than my last pair though. I don't have thin ankles. I have big achilles tendons from year sof playing soccer (so I'm told) and finding boots or hiking boots is a challange, because everything is too tight in the ankles. My last pair of coldgear tights were WAAAY too tight in the ankles, so much so that I had to pulled them down over my feet or I got deep red marks on my ankles and stuff started to go to sleep down there! The ankle elstic on these in tight enough to keep the tights in place but not so tight as to be at all uncomfortable. Another thing, though, while putting them on, and I did not pull hard at all, the seams on the legs and hips popped when the fabric stretched even the tiniest bit. I can't see any split seems or anything, but i can't imagin from the amouth and feel that there aren't broken stitches just waiting to come apart. I stopped and intead of pulling from higher up on the calf, i first pulled the elastic over my foot, them sort of scrunched the legs up, but still I kept hearing those popping noises from the seems, and when I got to the hips, I had to pull to get them up the rest of the way, and winced at more popping. They were long enough for my 33.5" legs, which I like. My last pair was too short, and since I had to pull the ankled down over my foot, they kept falling down, so that aspect was a plus.One other thing. I don't really care about compression, so that wasn't a consideration when purchasing, but in case it matters to some others, I felt zero compression in these tights, and i was careful to order the correct size.Overall, the fit is comfortable, and the length was great, but I just didn't feel like these tights were sturdy or warm. I need a wind breaker on top I think to make them warm enough, and I think there's a good possibility I'll need a sewing machine at some point.