The ripstop is good, heavier than the old BDU type of ripstop. I like the texture and how they feel, like you could climb over sharp ledges and they will still protect your skin.  The gusset is good too. I like that they stay somewhat rigid, they dont get all soft and cottony like jeans can. I like the sheen and feel of the material. Dirt brushes off easily.The flaws are.....the back pockets are placed too high on the pant, the top of the back pocket is just below the belt line. And are also too far to the side seams.The little leatherette patch on the right front pocket seems like a good idea, like it will protect that area from constant tape measure clips, but the fabric layers add up to be so thick, that I have to use both hands to get the tape to slide down over the seam. i just give up and put the tape in my pocket. Just remove this "feature", or make it cordura, not fake leather. And don't make it brown. Some of us work in "hip" metropolitan areas and might not want to look like we are wearing hunting clothes to work.The coin pocket is too big, my iphone slips out all the time when I sit down, make it a half inch deeper and more narrow to hold my phone good in there.The overall fit pattern is suffering from what all pants in this range suffer from, the relation of waist size compared to across the lower hip/crotch line is out of proportion. For example, my measured waist is 37 inches, but I have to buy a 40 or 42 waist just to get a roomy fit that wont hug my nuts when I sit down or squat while working. Then I have to cinch a belt and my pants get a pleated look. For work pants, I need to feel like I can move around down there, esp. after work when my off hour activities can take me from hopping over fences, climbing ladders, scaleing walls, you know, general escape, evasion, pursuit type stuff depending on the day.Great effort though, compared to Carhartt and all the rest, someone at Riggs is paying attention, however, they are unfortunately still designing by outdated patterns and sizing like all mens pants.