Never having studied Italian before, and never having used Rosetta Stone before, I was definitely excited to give it a go and find out what all the hype was about.I went through the whole lesson over the course of a couple of months, spending only about a day or two a week on it.In the end, I think it was a smart system, one that has specific advantages, but also marked disadvantages.POSITIVES:+++ IMMERSION TECHNIQUE -there is no English.  you will only see pictures and hear Italian.  This means you'll learn more effectively, as your brain is forced to make certain connections on its own.  Additionally, when you see pictures, for example, of a "male", the picture will be different each time: one time might be a young boy, and then it might be an old man, then a young man, and so on... and the first time you see the picture you might think it is a boy, but when the second picture pops up you realize that the word must mean something else, and you relate the two, and pick the commonality.  Anyway, this is a hard example, and it is simpler than this, but the idea is that you see different pictures representing each word, each time.++ WELL DESIGNED/VARIED -there are multiple modules which are scattered throughout -listening & comprehension, reading, pronunciation, typing, and so on.  It is impressive.++ GOOD REVIEWS -when I finished a section I was happy to find out that many of the concepts came back --not right away, but later when they weren't the freshest in my mind-- this meant I had to remember it, and basically memorized it through this recall.  I thought Rosetta Stone did a great job bringing up concepts and reminding me of the concepts later on.  I did not feel the need to review previous lessons...++ PAINLESS.  This system is about as fun (can I say that?) and as painless as a computer aided language learning system can get.NEGATIVES:--- PRICE, PRICE, PRICE -for most people the $200 cost for a single lesson (less as you buy more modules) is really too high.  Yes I know these things cost money, and I know they are better than other systems, but the pricing suggests that they are worried you won't like it, and you'll feel pressured to continue because you spent so much, OR, they are trying to convince you to pay only a few hundred more to get the whole set.  I'd argue they'd be better off dropping the price in half for the first module, and then I'd recommend it more.  (And give me some sort of discount if I buy lesson 2 separately.  I am not going to buy multiple modules without buying the first one, and testing it out.  $500 for the set is too much of a committment without giving it a shot first.)- READING EXERCISES ARE BUGGY SOMETIMES -I have spent 5 minutes (unsuccessfully) on several sections where I am supposed to say just one syllable, and the voice recognition system fails.  I mean, I KNOW what I am hearing, I have studied 4 languages, have good pronunciation, and I can't for the life of me get the computer to believe I said "PO" (for example) instead of something unrecognizable.  It was very frustrating, as I tried to enunciate it every way imaginable, with no luck.  Yet, when It was a multi-syllabic word (with the same syllable) the computer had no problem.- NO DICTIONARY -yes, I know this isn't part of their system, but it would have been nice to have a dictionary so that I could learn some additional words on my own.  (Sometimes you just don't want to wait to lesson 5 to learn numbers, for example...)But probably the biggest criticism is that this program is no substitute for classroom participation.  (Yes, I know that there are some online modules that you can pay more for, but I wasn't interested in paying any more...)My wife was taking classroom Italian at the same time I was doing this system, and we would compare experiences.  One thing I noticed is that the "putting-sentences-together-on-my-own-and-saying-them" part of Rosetta Stone, was one of the weaker sections.  She, on the other hand, got many opportunities to practice.  Mine was more about listening and comprehension.Overall, if classroom Italian really isn't an option for you, because you don't have the time or you just don't like classrooms, AND you have a lot of money to spend, then I'd say this is a good deal.  (If I were forced to move overseas I would definitely invest in the system.)But, if you are a starving student, then you're better off looking for other books and CDs from the library before trying this system.Recommended, but with reservations.