I have several corsets and waist cinchers and I have to say that this one is my favourite. I have worn it almost daily since I bought it, and I couldn't be more pleased. Allow me to explain why this is the cincher to buy.1)The difference between corsets and cinchers: I own both, and they both do different things even though most people think that they're the same. A corset makes the body look beautiful outside of clothes (they push the breasts up very high and pull in the waist), but in general (unless you're wearing Marie Antoinette style clothing) they don't look good under an outfit. The breasts become a single lump and the ties are usually quite visiable underneath (which defeats the entire purpose of trying to get people to think that this is your natural figure). A cincher is made to be worn under clothes, to pull in the waist, and to be as invisiable as possible. Therefore they often aren't as pretty as corsets but make much better undergarments.2) Rago rocks! I own many shaper garments, and Rago's are by far the best. Yes, you can find cheaper brands in the department stores, but they won't hold up as well and they won't have the power that Rago's have.3)Of the versions Rago offers on this site, this one is the best. I own the other model which is very similar except that it is lace and has garters, but it doesn't offer as much support as this one and aren't as invisiable as this one. The satin feels wonderful next to the skin and even under clingy dresses this is just about undetectable. Unless you have your heart set on garters, this is the cincher to buy.4) The fit: like many women I suffer from "Mummy Tummy", the horrible price one must pay for having grown two human beings in her body. I am in very good shape, but nothing gets those muscles back to their prepregnancy shape besides surgery (I don't have a spare $20,000 lying around and the scar is huge and ugly). This garment instantly takes 2-4 inches off of the waist and allows one to wear fashionable clothes again without looking frumpy or silly. Another bonus is that I stood about two inches taller because it forces you to walk and sit with perfect posture. This gave me back my youthful waistline. One reviewer said that the fit is a bit tight and they run small; the fit is much tighter than what lace materials and cheaper brands offer but that's because it's a high quality product that works! Those satin panels really pull you in, but they're not uncomfortable (I felt like a sausage for the first hour I wore it, but the body heat warms it up and makes it softer without losing any control). I plan on losing about 10-20 lbs. over the next few months so I will probably buy a new one soon, but I'd recommend buying your size according to the chart. Most of the time I can fit into a small because they don't provide as much compression, but this one you need to be exact.Anyway, if you are looking for an awesome waist cincher that is affordable, flattens your stomach and gives you a lovely "wasp's waist", and feels wonderful and comfortable next to the skin, this is the one to buy.