I collect watches, primarily analog types, and prefer the classic and military styles. The current trend toward mounting a clock on your arm and calling it a watch seems silly to me and I don't think the fad will last. After all, a fad last a season, a classic last forever!Even though I have a lot of watches I don't wear most of them. When I needed an everyday work watch I went looking to an old standby, Timex. I found this particular model (T40091) appealing because it mixes a simple classic style with some modern conveniences such as a very reliable quartz movement and the ingeneous indiglo light feature. The watch is the perfect size for a full grown man and is made of brushed stainless steel, like a serious watch should be. Upon very close inspection I could find no flaws in the case, the machining was simply perfect.The glass fit perfectly and is flush with the bezel. I wish it had been slightly recessed but its okay. I like how they put a slight raise in the case around the crown to act as a protective guard. The face of the watch is very simple and easy to read. I even like the slightly odd face color. It's somewhere between a dark olive drab and gray and in certain light it can appear black. It gives the watch an older look, as if its been around for twenty or thirty years. The hands are pretty standard and the luminous hands work but just barely. In a watch of this price range its fine and besides you have the indiglo feature so its really not needed. About the only thing I wish this watch had is a cyclops over the date. My eyes aren't what the used to be and seeing that little date is getting harder every year. This watch also has the hack feature so setting the time accurately is easy. I have a habit of checking it almost daily (a little OCD).Things I wish Timex would change...add the cyclops over the date, remove the extra face writing to make it even simpler, make the secondary numerals just a tad larger, change the band.The band is not bad but seems to come a little small. I have medium sized wrists for a man and it fits me on the second to last hole. I seems like they should have made it about a 1/2" longer. I plan to replace the stock band with a NATO band so this isn't a big deal.Overall, I think you can't go wrong with a Timex