Each color uses a different material of different weight - check out these jeans on the Levi website to see what the weight and make-up of each color is.  Some are light and do not feel like regular denim while others are the 'heavyweight' typical jean fabric.UPDATE:I purchased these in Indie Blue through another retailer and I, unlike many, am pleased with the new style.  I do not like how most of the colors are a light-midweight fabric that does not resemble the look, feel, warmth and toughness of regular heavyweight jean fabric.  Who wants jeans made out of a Dockers slacks-like material - can you even call them jeans at that point?Anyways, the Indie blue color is one of the heavier fabric colors - considered an actual 'heavyweight' fabric by Levi.  They may be slightly lighter than jeans of 5-10 years ago but they are close enough to feeling normal.  Kale, Rugged and a few of the other typical jean colors are a heavier fabric.  Double check though.I like the new cut of the jeans - the legs are more refined, narrower and not as baggy.  I'm a 5'11&#34;, 150lb skinnier guy and the old 569s were very 'baggy' on me... so this style change is great for me.  They look great with any shirt and my Frye boots on.In my experience, you do not want to get the same waist size as your 569's from the past 5 years.  The waist sizes are completely screwed up.  I tried numerous styles in store - 559, 569+ and they all have changed.  I have a 31&#34; measured waist (using a cloth tape); however, I have worn a 30&#34; waist in Levis and other pants for the past many years....  the 30&#34; on these new 569s was far too big though... an entire size off.  I had to get the 29&#34; waist (so again, a waist size lower than what I'm used to in 569's) - they still fit slightly loose but after their first wash - the waist now fits me perfectly.Stick with your inseam size of the past - I think they slightly increased the inseam length but its nothing drastic and works out really well for me if they did as I thought they were slightly too short before.  I have a couple 569's with a 34&#34; inseam that fit me okay with not a large amount of bunching at the foot/shoe but now the 34&#34; are reallyyyy long and drag beneath my shoe (after trying on in store).Removed a star for their use of 'low quality', light-weight fabrics in some colors and their drastic waist size changes.  Overall, I really like these and the new style.GUIDEColor:  Research Levi's.com or search Google to figure out which colors are the 'heavy-weight' typical jean fabric.  Rugged, Indie Blue, Kale, Dark Chipped, Ridge, Soft Rinsed, Polar are all heavier-weight colors.  The Indie Blue is the heaviest-weight blue color I believe at 12.9oz  these colors all fall between 11.8-12.9oz.Waist: Go a size lower than your previous 569/Levi size.Inseam:  Keep the same.