This velcro strap makes this watch the most comfortable I've ever worn, and I'm 65 so I've worn quite a few. I have trouble with normal watchbands - buckle straps, links, and stretch. Buckles are the worst for me, the holes are never quite right so a comfortable fit lets the watch drop over to the outside of my wrist, plus the buckle tends to dig into my wrist when occasionally flexed forward. Metal links with clasps are hit or miss for sizing and a big hassle to change. The metal stretch bands are comfy-sized but can pull wrist hair like a band-aid when removed. This strap keeps the watch exactly in place without being too tight. It's almost infinitely ;) adjustable. I've now worn this watch DAY AND NIGHT for almost two weeks, only removing it as a precaution for a daily shower. Mostly I don't even know it's on. One small quibble about the strap, after fitting it on there's a huge amount of velcro left exposed, it appears to have been designed to tighten up on a small child's wrist. This exposed velcro picks up dust. But I use a clothing lint brush on it to good effect. Also comfort-wise, a brief word about the crown. Unlike most watches it's so small it doesn't dig into my wrist with my hand bent back, yay! Other pros and cons:PROs: Very easy to set the time, very easy to read. The hands glow fine in the dark, at least up close, and then there's the incomparable INDIGLO for a full reading. White on black looks cool. Some other user review I read said that this watch is standard U.S. Army issue even for combat. If true that should speak to its durability and reliability. Actual TIME KEEPING seems fine, checking it against Windows time shows it's lost about 10 seconds in a week. To set it just be on the right minute, wait for the second to read 12, pull the crown, observe the Windows second hit zero, push the crown in. Close enough for government work!CONs: SCRATCHES TOO EASILY! I've been wearing this watch pretty much around the clock since January 2012. The plastic NOT MINERAL face is now very scratched up. I don't do much manual work, this is I'd guess 90% from just slight bumps on door jambs. Another couple of years and I expect it to be too scratched for easy reading. That's a shame because the rest of it seems durable. How this could be standard Army issue is beyond me. I won't order one again, next time mineral face.I'm glad I check today's date on a calendar, as this date window is too small for me to read. Moreover, I can't even set the date without a hassle. The manual (get the PDF at Timex, the included paper is barely readable) says: PULL crown to "middle" position and turn CLOCKWISE until correct day appears. If day does not change, pull crown to "out" position and turn CLOCKWISE or COUNTERCLOCKWISE through necessary number of 24 hour periods until correct day appears.I just cannot find the "middle" position and since it's so many days off I'm not about to go through the s-l-o-w 24 hour period setting to get the date right. Also, if it's this simplistic how does it account for 30 vs 31 vs 28 day months? For me it doesn't matter because I can't read it anyway.[...]