ROSETTA STONE is famous for teaching language the way little children learn language...naturally, quickly, without studying verb declention charts, memorizing vocabulary lists, or navagating grammatical oddities. However, there is an obvious problem with this philosophy that ROSETTA STONE has based their teaching method upon. The people who buy and learn from ROSETTA STONE are NOT 3-5 year old children. Any Linguist will tell you, children are hard wired to learn grammer, and to speak perfectly their native language. As we age, the ability to speak certain sounds disappears, and the ability to learn certain types of grammer also disappears. Once a child is past that stage of absorbing grammerical rules naturally, or pronouncing certain native sounds, the door shuts. You can still learn, but not perfectly. This is why a russian who learns english, will NEVER understand exactly how to use definative articles. Also, this is why Russian constanant clusters are impossible to pronounce for English speakers. There are almost NO exceptions to this, except for language savants i suppose.However, as far as learning language in a natural way, on your own, ROSETTA STONE is the best you can do. As anyone knows who's studied foreign languages in high school or college, you start with learning to pronounce the alphabet. Then, you learn the most common words, along with the way basic verbs (TO BE, TO HAVE, TO KNOW, etc) are conjugated, how the nouns and adjectives interact, etc. ROSETTA STONE turns that learning process on its head, and the center of its do-it-yourself language class, is the SPEACH RECOGNITION system. The RS Kit comes with alphabet letters for your computer keyboard (in case your target language has a different alphabet, than the English alphabet), and the computer files, plus four CDs to pracitice pronounciation when away from the computer. Also, the buyer recieves in the box, this headset w/microphone that plugs into the USB port of your computer.(plus a few simple instructions to get started.) Unlike the oldest voice recognition programs from a decade ago, this headset just sets the volumn level, and you are ready to go. Instead of learning to pronounce the alphabet, you just learn to speak the first words a baby might speak..."cat, run, read, boy, girl, hello, 1,2,3,4,5,6", stuff like that. Rosetta Stone assumes you will learn the pronounciation rules automatically, "BY EAR". First, not everybody CAN learn strickly by ear. Some musicians can hear a song, and they KNOW every chord they heard, and the notes, and can reproduce them instantly, because they can PLAY MUSIC BY EAR. Other musicians need to learn what notes belong where on the instrument, and they need sheet music, and chord theory. WHY? Because some people are more right brain, others more left brain...maybe some people HEAR better, and others analyse better. So, if you are trying to pronounce the Italian word "ZIA" (Aunt), you will never GUESS it should sound like TSEE-ah. When English speakers see a "Z", they will not pronouce "TS", as in German, Russian, Italian, etc. SINCE ROSETTA STONE DOESNT TELL YOU WHAT THE ITALIAN "Z" OUGHT TO SOUND LIKE, you need to guess. THis is when the ROSETTA STONE voice recognition just doesnt work. You might hear TSEE-a, but if you see "ZIA", your brain will think it's hearing what it's used to hearing--"ZEE-ah", and that's what you will say. AND, the voice recognistion WONT recognise the correct pronounciation. Likewise, Italian has other sounds not at all like English, and unless you have some kind of heads up on how each letter SHOULD sound, you may never get close to the correct sound. I have a good ear. But i couldn't hear that Italian has a more dental sounding "D" than english. I didnt know the other oddities associated with pronouncing the Italian language. At times, I would click on LANGUAGE LAB, where you get directed to a page that SLOWS DOWN the pronounciation of the word, as well as showing you the voice print, and how the native speaker's voice rises and falls naturally, during the pronounciation of the word. (Apparently for correct stress.) If you are 50% or less away from getting it right, you see a brown cirle that tells you about how close you are, to correct pronounciation. (Plus the system records your attempt at pronouncing the word, so you can compair what you are saying, to that of a native speaker.) If your circle turns green, you are 80% or closer to perfect pronounciation. HOWEVER, this system DOES NOT ALWAYS WORK. Once, i tried to pronounce ARRIVIDERCI for 15 minutes. I was UPSET, then angry, then bored, and finally, dejected. Frustration kills motivation, and I think that's why problems with the voice recognition bothers so many people. IF i knew what was wrong with my pronounciation, at least i could TRY to figure out how to say it. I think this happens to EVERYBODY who uses Rosetta Stone at some point. The computer program doesnt say "The Italian 'G' is PRONOUNCED HARDER THAN ENGLISH 'G'." Instead, you are suppose to just KNOW this.  Sometimes, i just believe the voice recognition is just not able to read normal variations in pronounciation correctly. For example, ROSETTA STONE wants you to roll your R's. But, very few people even in Italy can actually make that sound. So then the voice recognistion hears the lack of rolling R's as a mistake in pronounciation. The computer program considers these mistakes as WRONG on your part, and at times the mistakes start to stack up. IF you dont get thru a lesson with a good score, you'll need to repeat the lesson, and also repeat the offending word. (the program tracks a LOT of parameters, including how long its been since you have taken a lesson. Too long, and RS makes you review things before you can start the lessons again. But that's good.) All I can say, is when I could not pronounce a certain word, i almost never knew why. Even tho ROSETTA STONE gives you 4 CDs for pronounciation practice, if you've an inability to say a certain word, you might not ever speak it correctly.My other problem, was that there is NOTHING in the kit, that explains GRAMMER the way you learnt grammer in school. Sometimes, those photos that go with the spoken or written exercise, dont get the idea across very well. THE ONLY SOLLUTION, is to buy some kind of cheap TEACH YOURSELF ITALIAN paperback book, that covers basics of grammer, pronounciation, vocabulary, and all the other holes in the learning of the language, that ROSETTA STONES leaves untouced. AMAZON.COM sells a pretty good book, very cheap, that would help anyone using their ROSETTA STONE class immensely. "ITALIAN MADE SIMPLE" by Cristina Mazzoni, for around $8 new. I bought that book, and only then, were the grammer lessons beginning to make sense. ALSO, this book spends time in the beginning, to teach the differences between the way OUR alphabet is pronounced, and the way the Italian Alphabet is pronounced. You NEED to get a book like this, so you understand italian grammer, and have a little bit of an Italian dictionary as well.There are a few other problems with ROSETTA STONE. Everybody says "DONT SIGN UP FOR LANGUAGE LAB, UNTIL YOU GET THRU THE LANGUAGE BASICS". Because, depending on how fast, or slow, you are motivated to move thru the lessons, those 3 months of FREE LANGUAGE LAB go by really fast. WAIT TO SIGN UP! ALSO, its good to know that you cant just sign up for language lab a day or two before you want to use it. THERE IS A TWO WEEK WAIT, to have a lesson. Besides the speach recognition problem, and the lack of a good text book so you can learn grammer, pronounciation and vocabulary the way adults learn language, everything about ROSETTA STONE's classes are LOTS OF FUN. Really. They have games that help you keep those new words constantly in your mind. There are stories that help with reading, that are clued into your number of finished lessons. ITALIAN LEVEL ONE, for example, is divided into UNIT ONE, language basics, UNIT TWO, Greetings, UNIT THREE, Work and school, UNIT FOUR, shopping. By the time you finish that much of the course, you should be able to get around Italy, and make basic conversation. I would guess your proficiency level might be FIRST YEAR COLLEGE ITALIAN, or two years of high school italian, or 1-2 Italian grandparents. ROSETTA STONE is very visually interesting, and will keep you motivated once you get past that first unit (language basics), so long as you dont have major problems being understood by the voice recognition software. I wish i had waited for the langauge lab, because i'm SURE that would have helped. However, if you don't use it as much as you want after the first 3 months, its only $25 a month, for more time with those online tutors. All things considered, VOICE RECOGNITION really DOES work remarkably well. I'm sure most of the problems people have, come from their inablity to pronouce certain sounds specific to their target language, rather than the program's inability to understand your voice. If you are speaking the language correctly, I would guess anywhere from 96-99% of the time, ROSETTA STONE understands EXACTLY what you say. If some word (like my problem with ARRIVIDERCI) comes up, you can easily skip the word. There is NO OTHER SELF TAUGHT LANGUAGE CLASS that can perfect your speach, increase your vocabulary, and engage you in an "immersion" type language adventure, like ROSETTA STONE can.  NO OTHER SYSTEM has the native speaker 1 on 1 language lab. The only REAL problem is if you learn on your own, its hard to keep your motivation for learning high. You'll need discipline and some kind of reward, ie, a trip to Italy if you finish LEVEL 1? (Or maybe just a FELLINI film. Whatever rocks your boat.) Good luck with your language adventure, and ARRIVIDERCI!