I was a lifeguard in high school and college; so TYR was a regular in my life during that time period. I decided to take up swimming, again, this summer; but I wanted a two-piece instead of the Diamondback one-piece style I always wore as a guard. I had worn their reversible two-piece style in high school for a couple of summers; but I decided I wanted to stick with the thinner straps you get from the Diamondback style, and I wanted the material to be PBT instead of a Nylon/Lycra blend.In my years of experience, I had grown to appreciate the longevity of a suit made out of PBT (valuable when you are teaching swimming lessons and water fitness everyday in the water for several months). I'm not sure if anyone agrees with me, but it seems like the PBT material lasts longer.That's what I thought I was getting when I ordered this suit; but I got the Nylon/Lycra version. I didn't give this lower stars because it is still a well-made suit; and the fit was just right for me. However, I had to return it because it was not the material I wanted.I try to order only through Amazon or Amazon fulfilment if I'm on the Amazon.com website because of the shipping and return policies, but I didn't look closely at this order. It was through a different seller. However, when I called Amazon, they were able to help me right away. I got to return it and received a full refund.I still wanted this suit in PBT and the navy color; but I didn't want to re-order it from that same seller; so I had to go through a different website that I've gone through before. I will say that if you are wanting to order this suit, order it in any size and color through Amazon.com only (I've never been shipped the wrong thing from them, and they have a great shipping and return policy).For this suit in PBT, I have to say that it is figure-flattering, comfortable, and durable. I usually wear a medium or 6/8 in clothing; and the medium for this suit fits well, too. I have a larger chest (34D), but this suit holds everything in without looking inappropriate. Definitely a great suit if you want to be able to actually swim some serious laps, horse around, or just look stylish but sporty.