This is an attractive watch. It keeps good time, without losing seconds over a period of days. It's an automatic, meaning it does not use a battery, and I've found I can go a day or more and it will still work.It's luminous dials are very bright for several hours -- mine is still new and this will probably fade after a few years. The luminocity is one of the keys to a good dive watch, and from reading other reviews, seems to be important to people.The case, bezel and crystal are all rugged and sturdy. I've already brushed up against doorways, washed the dog, and other activities with it on and it still looks new. Not even a scratch on the bezel markings, and that's rare for me. Most of the time I've got a scratch on the outside of the case or the bezel of a watch within 48 hours.The second hand is very precise in its movements, and it truly sweeps around the the dail. Some people don't like this. It's sort of like an electric wall clock of the type many schools and government offices have used over the past 50 years. I like the second hand to move fluidly and not "click" past the numbers. So this is a benefit to me. I've had other Seiko watches over the past 20 years or so and this seems to be the case with those as well.Those are the pros.Here are the cons:The bracelet is like chain mail. It has little interlocking pieces in the center and where it attaches to the lugs making it flex back and forth. When I take it off, because the bracelet flexes side-to-side, I'm afraid the bracelet is going to twist off. I've had this kind of watch bracelet before and, after time, it will bend away from the lugs. Not good. I will probably purchase a stainless steel Rolex type bracelet or a NATO nylon strap for it soon.The bezel is to big. It's not "rounded" down on the outside, which gives the watch too high a profile, in my opinion. This probably has to do with not wanting to upset Rolex or Omega or with Seiko wanting to not look like a knock-off watch company. Whatever the reason, I don't like the high profile look on my arm.To recap: It's a good timepiece and sturdy, but the bracelet is kind of whimpy and the bezel pokes out. If you wear it just for diving it'll be fine. It's not a good "everyday" watch however, and probably isn't made for that to begin with.