kind of a cool shoe.i'd gone over to the new balance minimus trail shoe for an everyday walk around with jeans and liked the feel, but it is so perforated that was always getting dust and sand or whatever in it. and it didn't look all that cool with jeans, plus not much protection if you kick or drop something. i run in minimus and can't beat them for that, and they have a nice ground feel when i go photo shooting, but otherwise not an everyday jean shoe.with the surfeit of weird colors and styles that are now the trend, the best i could find was between the cool retro onitsuka tigers and these 574's. since the minimal style didn't do it for me anymore, i rolled the dice on the 574's as they had a touch more boot look to them than the more form-fitting tigers.got the black because i live in L.A. (joke) and they go well with jeans. also, as a photog, i don't like big brite shoes when i'm sneaking up on someone.out the box they fit perfect, and surprisingly were quite comfortable (surprising as i was used to paying lots more for decent trainers, like airmax's and the like). they did look a bit too much like a long balloon on my foot, but i tightened the laces to where they should be, and used the ankle lace holes, and it gave them more of a shoe/climber boot look.they are a bit more substantial with my jeans, don't look so much like slippers, and i can tell they will be more protective as i'm walking about aiming the camera, or if i have to help someone move and drop something on my foot as i did in the minimus and regretted it.they do look pretty cool with jeans, very much that retro athletic look i had in high school wearing the adidas romas. as they break in with walking i'm sure they will lose the balloon look altogether, and have that track shoe/climber shoe quality they give off in the online pictures to some extent.for the price i don't think they can be beat. one of the few styles these days that doesn't have wings, bizarro sole technologies that seem like a moon shoe, or colors that look like walt disney threw up on them. can't think of a negatory thing to say.will note that i have always been the guy to get the expensive technical athletic shoe in black to use as a everyday kick around shoe. like the very cool salomon trail shoes that looked amazing in online pix and turned out to be more akin to moon boots. most $180 technical shoes i forked over the cash for didn't offer more in comfort than these 574's, and tended to wear the wearer rather than look like a true sport shoe without taking over.if you like the 70s and 80s colors and different fabrics, these offer the choices. i'm glad they had them in black. my only request is to make them in a non-suede full on black and they'd be perfect. the non-suede black they have now has white soles and other white accents looking ok, but not the full on black us sophisticated egos in L.A. want.great shoe.