Day hikes that are less than 12 miles really aren't fun for me. I like to hike far, and for a long time. The Danner Mountain Light is not a comfortable boot for that. I've had this boot for a month now. Truthfully, I wouldn't have bought it, but I wear a 15 shoe size, so there aren't a whole lot of options available to me. I've worn the boot on about 20 5-6 mile walks so far, and boy are they uncomfortable.Danner advertises a "no break in period" for these boots, but any good leather boot has a break in period, no matter what. That's why I didn't return them right away- I figured they'd break in and start being comfortable. I was wrong. First of all, the D-ring loop system creates really uncomfortable pressure points on the top of my feet. The leather around the tongue (which has already got a very uncomfortable triple fold design) has got all mushy on me, curling up whole sections of the boot, which the laces then push into my foot. I know what you're thinking, "He must have got the leather all wet and left it in the heat somewhere." But you'd be wrong. These things have never even seen water or heat, but the leather is acting like it's been exposed to both. A lot. The boot isn't gusseted at all in the ankle part of the boot, nor is the ankle padded. If you have to tighten the boot to the point where you can actually hike in it, you'll find the back of the ankle top digs in to your Achilles tendon something fierce. And that's with two pairs of wool socks (one liner, and one fat, insulation sock).The Kletterlift sole is OK. It doesn't have the best traction, but not the worst Ive seen either. I've heard some people say that the lack of a distinct heel edge has caused them to loose control going downhill, but I haven't experienced that. There is a small amount of padding built into the sole of the boot. It's sort of uncomfortable tho, and in my boots, has bunched toward the middle of the sole.I thought it'd be nice to buy a boot made in America, but it's hard to brag about the American craftsmanship because the right boot squeaks every time I'm make a step. At first I thought it was the leather tongue rubbing against the leather ankle. I thought it was something that would go away after the boot was broken in. Turns out, the sound was coming from the heel of the boot. Apparently, the shank is loose in there somewhere, so every time I take a step, it's scraping against the midsole thus making the squeaky sound. I had to send my boots back to Danner so they can fix them. Meanwhile, I'm out a pair of boots for 3 weeks.Now, I'm doing my day hikes in my sneakers, and you know what? They're way more comfortable than those stinking Danners! I'd still rather be using a decent pair of hiking boots than my sneakers, but the ML2 is not a decent hiking boot. It's a fashion boot disguised as a hiking boot. It's for people who want to look outdoorsy but without the dirt (they sell them at J-crew for crying out loud).And you know what? I'm down with having casual "outdoorsy looking" boots that I don't wear hiking. That's what I'm going to keep these as. But for hiking? No way. And especially no way would I use them for backpacking! The Kletterlift sole isn't near stiff enough for that. With a 30lb pack on your back, you'd be feeling every rock and stick digging into your metatarsals something fierce. Also, there's no ankle support. I mean, maybe if you've got some serious cankles there might be enough support, but my ankles are pretty beefy and even with the ankle part laced so tight the opposing lacing hooks are nearly touching themselves, the ankle part of the boot is still loose around my ankle (except of course, in the very back where it digs into my Achilles tendon with every step).I think if you do your research and see through all the BS reviews out there you'll see what I mean. Look at how different the side view of this boot looks as compared to any modern hiking boot. Compare lacing systems (the ML2's lacing system blows). Compare ankle padding. And if you do buy the boot, and it doesn't feel imediately like the most comfortable boot ever, I'd return it.It's not going to get better and 300 bucks is a lot of money to waste on an "in town" boot.*** Just as an update, I talked to Danner and found out why the leather around the ankle and tongue is so mushy and why the shank in the heel is so janky. Apparently, the pair I bought brand new was made in 2004 and has been sitting around for 7 years. I bought this pair from e-bay. Guess I learned that lesson. In light of this, I raised my review rating to 3 stars, since I can't adequately judge the quality of these boots from this pair.