Final Edit 9/1/2013I gave these socks one last shot.  I work them to the school where I work figuring as much as I'm on my feet - and that's MOST of the day - these socks will shine or suck.  They chose to do the latter.  They sucked.  They were hot and I was miserable.  I should have brought a pair of back up socks but didn't.  I paid a hefty price for it.  I'll no longer wear there.  In fact, if they don't fit my son, and they probably won't, they'll be heading to the land of the thrift store.I was sorely disappointed in these socks from start to finish and will NOT be buying any more.- - - - - - - - - - - - -EDIT 08/25/2013After an extended use on the trail being worn packing a heavily laden backpack for a week's trip, I found these socks to be just as I predicted.  I'm NOT impressed.  Not only were they hot but they were slow to dry in a side by side comparison withWigwam Men's Hiking/Outdoor Pro Length SockandWigwam Unisex Men's/Women's Merino Wool Comfort Hiker Crew Length Sock.To test the theory that they weren't as good as I had hoped, I allowed another member of the group, my wife, to wear them.  She too, when asked, said they were hot and not as good as the Wigwams.I'll continue to wear them until they disintegrate but I won't be back for more.- - - - - - - - - - - - -I was truly excited about getting these socks since I live in the desert.  I had hoped for a hike today to check them out but knee issues had other plans.  Instead, I put them on to wear around in the same shoes I use for local hiking.HOT.  That's how to describe these socks this minute - and I'm wearing them now.  The current ambient temperature today, far lower than usual at 71F, didn't change a thing.As for the fit, right on target.  In fact, probably the absolute best fitting socks I own.  I wear a Men's 8 and it seems that it's close to impossible to get decently sized socks without actually buying perfectly sized socks.  For that reason alone the earned the 3rd star for the review.  Otherwise it would have been a 2 based on the CURRENT situation.Perhaps time will tell.  Maybe once I'm out traipsing around I'll find these things to be the best thing since soles on shoes.  I don't know.  Right now, it's not so.