This is one of the most comfortable shoes or sandal I have ever owned. I first saw these on some ultralight backpackers I met in 2005, and they swore by them for comfort and strong enough to climb rough terrain. For a sandal, that just blew me away. I confess I have not used them to backpack, but I have used them on rough terrain and they are outstanding and amazingly "grippy". It has little nubs on the carbon outer sole that dig into or grip everything.SIZING:  I have read that most people find that they need to buy a half size larger than they do with other shoes, and that was my experience as well.COMFORT: Tremendous arch support. The sandal has a wide toebox so that your toes are not cramped together, and the protective toe guard is great. I never stub a toe or catch a toe on anything with these, plus I can hide my ugly toes. It also has a little rise on the rear heel that cups your heel comfortably, but helps protect you against those people that step on the back of your foot in line. The sandal feels very secure once it is on and does not slip. There are no straps to fool with or Velcro to adjust, it has an inner lining that looks like the neoprene on a scuba suit, it stretches to fit. The rear strap does not hurt your foot. It has a no lace closure and you set it once, from then on it slips on easy. The footbed cradles my foot like no shoe I have ever seen. There is a little ridge on the inner sole that runs behind the toes and then in between your big toe and other toes, it turns out to add to the comfort of the shoe immensely. That ridge forms in a short time to your foot, giving you your own custom fit. With these shoes I find i can stand longer and walk longer.GRIP AND TRACTION: It has an anatomical outer sole that is very grippy, with a nice athletic shape, it gives good traction on sand, rock, mud, you name it. It is not slippery on wet surfaces like the dock, and the sole does not leave any marks on floors. The tread does not hold dirt in any grooves to track indoors. It is great for water use, and can be completely submerged with no damage. If it gets wet,the material that wicks the water away fast.ODOR: It has an anti-microbial treatment that takes away any germs, I do not know how long that treatment lasts though. They do not get sweaty or smelly like my Crocs do.DURABILITY: I got my money's worth out of them for sure. When my H2's get dirty, I throw them in the sink, under the hose, or even in the washer and they come out like new. I wore these almost daily for 4 months straight with no evidence of wear. It has now been 4 years and I still use them more than any other shoe in the summer. I hope they are still made as durable as they were when I bought mine. This includes vacation, in which I am standing in line all day at theme parks and scrambling at the beach. These come in many colors. For a dressier sandal I also like the brown Dunham Moose Fisherman (actually designed by New Balance). These sandals were good enough to get me to buy two tennis shoes from the same company in the last 4 years, an in-town shoe called Austin and an ugly hiker called the Targhee II. In the end, I just can't say enough about these shoes, I highly recommend.