.When in the military,  I was stationed in Europe for several years.  The friends I made had a quiz they liked to use: "What do you call a person who speaks three languages? Trilingual;  What do you call a person who speaks two languages?  Bilingual; What do you call a person who speaks one language?  American.I have wanted to improve my language status for many years.  My High School Latin teacher said that after I learned Latin, the other romance languages would be easy.  I considered the other romance languages (Spanish, Portugese, Italian. Aragonese, Aromanian, Arpitan, Asturian, Corsican, Emiliano-Romagnolo, Friulan, Galician, Ladino, Leonese, Lombard, Mirandese, Neapolitan, Occitan, Piedmontese, Romansh, Sardinian, Sicilian, Venetian and Walloon), only the major four (French, Spanish, Italian, and Portugese were attractive to me, but then I saw this offer from Rosetta Stone and I chose French.Learning French was easier than I thought.  Of course the grammar I learned in my four years studying Latin made French grammar easier.  Well, and I did get a French grammar text and a French dictionary, since Rosetta Level 1 is limited in grammar.  After a few months using the interactive program, I began to feel comfortable speaking the language.I was tempted to brag to my family that I now speak French, then I realized that I had yet to converse in French with another human.  Soon I remembered my years living in Germany.  I had studied German, but could not really have a meaningful conversation with a German.  When I said something in German, they would answer in English (somehow they knew I was an American).  Those who did not speak English (maybe one percent of those I encountered) used a different dialect, and I was back to using my German book and pointing to words.  The lesson for me is that now I must spend some time in France if I really want to learn the language.  Oh well, I can read French as long as people do not get technical.Recently I thought of a possible answer to the dilemma I have with my European friends.  I could learn to speak Walloon, Friulan, and Arpitan.  I am unlikely to encounter anyone who speaks those languages, so no one to question whether I really know it.  Then I will tell them I am "quadri lingual.".  Do you think that will work? . . . Neither do I.