I've been a briefs guy for all my adult life.  I recently tried and liked the the ExOfficio Give-N-Go nylon briefs enough to switch from cotton.  I was happy with how the ExO nylon shorts fit and held up.  I decided to give the boxers a try since even the ExOfficio briefs can feel a little hot and restricting during hot, humid summers.  After trying a couple of pair, I might be willing to switch my preference to boxers--at least seasonally.Previous boxers I had tried would bunch up in the crotch and feel worse than overly tight briefs.  The fit of these shorts is loose and comfortable but the legs are trim enough to stay in place.  They're not as supportive as the briefs (as should be expected) so don't expect them to keep the guys in one place all day.  But the non-restrictive fit definitely feels cooler and drier with hot weather exertion.ExO advertises their nylon shorts for travel wear.  They are light in weight, wick moisture and dry quickly.  All true.  Although I have several pairs of ExO briefs and boxers these days, I still hand wash those I wear virtually every day in the sink with Woolite, roll them in a towel and dry them on a hanger.  They clean up quickly, rinse clean and dry in just over an hour under air conditioning or outside in hot, dry weather.  I expect they will meet all the requirements of the frequent traveler with limited packing space.The only negative I can come up with is very minor.  The dark palm (green) shorts continue to give up their dyes with every washing.  I have several pairs of briefs and boxers in charcoal, black and dark palm and the green ones, even after several washings, still turn the water a light green.  The dyes never come off on my body but those dyes sure do run with the wash water.  Not a biggie, just so you know.  Of course, these shorts are expensive--that's a given.  Accept it and move on.  These shorts are actually worth it.As for fit, I ordered the XL and probably could do with the Large.  They fit loose but that adds to the comfort.  If your normal size is XL, I'd stick with that size unless you like tighter shorts.  At no time do the XL size feel like they're going to fall off my hips.