By far the most comfortable sandal I have ever owned. I first saw these on some ultralight backpackers I met, they swore by them and I had to try them.Now that summer is over, and it is late Fall, I find myself still wearing these even now that it is cooler because they feel good and I am used to them. They really are tough to give up. Any reservations I had that they look funky went away when I wore them a couple of days and got hooked on the feel and how they protected my toes.SIZING ISSUES: If they do not feel right when you put them on, you may have the wrong size. Most people that buy Keens find that they need to buy a half size larger than they do with other shoes, so try that.COMFORT: The sandals have a wide toebox so that your toes are not cramped together. The protective toe guard does the job, I never stub a toe or catch a toe on anything with these, plus I can hide my ugly toes. It also has a little rise on the rear heel that cups your heel, but also helps protect you against those people that step on the back of your foot in line. It feels very secure once it is on and does not slip. There are no straps to fool with or Velcro to adjust, it has an inner lining on all the straps that looks like the neoprene on a scuba suit, it stretches to fit and is comfortable against my skin. It has a no-lace closure and you adjust it once, from then on it slips on easy. The footbed cradles my foot really well. It has a little ridge on the inner sole that runs behind the toes and in between your big toe and other toes. The first time you feel it, it seems like a defect. But that ridge seemed to shape to my foot, giving me my own custom fit. I hate to gush about this, but the shape of this shoe allows my bad feet to stand longer and walk longer. I actually enjoy running in them, and for a sandal that is a definite first with me, as they usually slip and flop all over on my feet. You can even wear it into the water like a Teva. If it gets wet, for some reason you don't feel it due to the material that wicks the water away.GRIP: It has an outer sole that is very grippy, it gives good traction on sand, boulders, mud, you name it. It has not been slippery on wet surfaces, including a boat. The sole does not leave any marks on my floors, and does not hold dirt in the grooves to track indoors.ODOR: It has an anti-microbial treatment so I do not get odor issues nearly as much as with Crocs and other sandals.DURABILITY:  It has held up to daily wear and repeated wettings. When they get dirty, I throw them in the sink, under the hose, in the shower or even in the washer. I wore these almost daily for 4 months straight with no evidence of wear. This includes standing in line all day on vacation at theme parks and scrambling at the beach. Like other sandals, when they were new they left marks on my socks from the dye but I almost never wear a sock with them anyway.SUMMARY: These come in a few colors and in Mens and Womens styles. I have tried 2 pairs of tennis shoes from this company, and the footbed is similar, although the one with a suede type finish (the Targhee) looked like crap in one month. It is still a great hiker, but I can't wear it anywhere else but the great outdoors. The other pair is for urban use, it is called the Austin, and it is has a really nice finish.  My other favorite sandals are Rieker Anti-Stress Jens 09176, and the Dunham Moose Fisherman(designed by New Balance). I used to wear Teva's, and they make good sandals as well.UPDATE March 2010: I do not know if they still make these to the same quality as the model I reviewed here in 2005, but it is now 2010 and my original pair of Newport H2 sandals are still in use so I can't tell. The only issue is they look a little faded now in the straps and one of the stretchy tie strings lays a little crooked. But they still feel great and my sole has held up. I still feel they were a great deal for the price, about $100 back in 2005.