I am a huge fan of Ex Officio and have been using their Exo-Dri Tee's for quite some time now. To say I absolutely love them would be a massive understatement. So when it came time to buy more tee's I just automatically went with the Exo-Dri. Well, I came across a sale last week that had some of these shirts for a really low price so I decided to "give them a go" (That's my pun for the day). Anyways, it was ultimately a disappointing decision as these shirts just dont impress me at all.As I stated in my Exo-Dri reviews I prefer my wicking/athletic shirts to have some cotton in them, usually in a ratio of 1:4 or 1:5, as it makes the shirts far more comfortable and doesn't noticeable hinder a shirts wicking properties. Unfortunately this shirt doesn't have any cotton. Its basically a nylon shirt with a bit of Lycra to give it some stretch (94% Nylon / 6% Lycra). Its certainly not an uncomfortable shirt, its just nowhere near as comfortable as their Exo-Dri tee's. The fit isn't as nice either as the Give'n'Go has a much slimmer fit. If your looking for a looser fit and your dead set on ordering this shirt, you might want to order a size up. The Give'n'Go also has a tagless label and the Aegis Microbe Shield to control odor-causing bacteria.Don't get me wrong, this is a decent shirt and I am sure some people out there will actually like them. It just doesn't match up very well to their Exo-Dri Tee's, which imo are superior to these shirts in almost every way. In my opinion the Exo-Dri Tee's are softer, have a better fit, and are even better looking. I think Ex Officio's catalog speaks for itself. They only have 2 versions of the Give'n'Go (short sleeved crew neck & short sleeved v-neck) while the Exo-Dri now has 4 versions for men (short sleeve crew neck, long sleeve crew neck, quarter zip, and zip cricket short sleeved shirt). Women have it even better as there are 14 different Exo-Dri versions for women (I am not listing them!!). Basically, there are a lot more Exo-Dri shirts than Give'n'Go shirts and ultimately I think this speaks for itself.Bottom line - The Give'n'Go is a decent shirt but Ex Officio offers something that is far superior, the Exo-Dri Tee. The Give'n'Go line has great underwear but unfortunately the T-shirts need some work. If your looking for a great athletic/wicking style T-shirt then you have found the right company, you just need to buy the Exo-Dri instead of the Give'n'Go.3 Stars