I have been buying Seiko's for 30 years, because they keep on ticking.  My first automatic watch (with a gold tone bracelet) is fantastic.  I wasn't aware that automatics could loose time.  With my first Seiko automatic, I found out at the end of the first week that the watch lost about 5 minutes.  Not a problem.  I just set my watch for 5 minutes ahead.  It takes me less than 10 seconds to do this.  This is something I have done in the past just to make sure I arrive early....not that I've ever had a problem with that.  With other Seikos, you need only to do this once.  Anyway, this Seiko automatic watch is just fantastic!  At first, it lost about 7 minutes a week.  However, I have had this watch for about 2 months now, and for the past month, it seems to be keeping perfect time.  Something I really wasn't expecting, because automatics are known for loosing a bit of time.  Others have mentioned the band, and I wasn't sure I would like it either.  I don't believe, I am going to have any problem(s) with this band.  It is very sturdy, and it appears it will 'hold up' very well.  The watch itself is very attractive, EASY to read, easy to set, the hands and hour designations GLOW all night long and it is BLACK.  They dim a bit throughout the night; however, you still can easily read the time on the watch.  This watch is thicker and heavier than most, but I had no problem getting accustom to the watch.  I wear watches and bracelets that measure between 6.75 and 7.50 inches in length.  The band is perfect for my wrist, and the keeper is very helpful for securing the long band.  I found a real bargain when I purchased this watch for less than $200.00 off the original price.  I even checked the Seiko site, and they were selling the watch for the original price.January 20, 2008 UPDATE:I have not had any problems with this watch; e.g., reading it (day or night), keeping time, strap (no problems at all...no problems developing), NO scratches on the crystal and the buckle is fine, as well.By the way, you are NOT suppose to get automatics wet; however, I accidently put my hand in the pool while trying to secure a hose, and when I realized what I had done, I almost died.  I took the watch off and immediately dried it off.  Well, there's a happy ending.  THIS WATCH KEEPS ON TICKING!  I submerged this watch last summer!APRIL 6, 2008 - UPDATEThis watch looks great, and it's still ticking nicely.  I just tried to see if the crystal has any scratches on it (there probably are, at least, a few), but, truly, I can't see any!  The band is holding up nicely...no cracks, splits, or drying out(?).  The buckle and the keeper are in excellent condition.ON JULY 12, 2008,I MADE A 'COMMENT' ABOUT THIS WATCH; HOWEVER, I MEANT TO POST A REVIEW.  CHECK COMMENTS FOR MY LASTEST REVIEW.  STILL A GREAT WATCH.DECEMBER 21, 2008,It is still going strong.  My watch now has two small scratches (hardly noticeable) on the face.  Everything else about it is perfect, and I do get it wet.MAY 1, 2010,I STILL WEAR THIS WATCH EVERY DAY. I love it. I've had it for several years now, and it has about 12 SLIGHT scratches on the crystal and the glow markers that take the place of the numbers still work GREAT!  I have absolutely no problem setting the time.  You can't go wrong with this watch.  You WILL love it too.