It's hard to accurately assess this item because the product comes up as two different "names" on Amazon. In the past, my purchases have been for "Levi's Mens 527 Bootcut Jeans." Now, that same product link takes me to "Levi's Mens 527 Slim Bootcut Jeans." (Note the subtle addition of "Slim.") Numerous reviewers have noted this issue.My first three or four pairs were great! No issues. Five stars! They're - by far - my favorite type of jean. Since discovering the 527 line, I've become a Levi boy through-and-through. The jeans have a flattering fit, they're very durable, and they come in a variety of colors and styles. I have yet to find any jeans to beat them.That said... when I went to order more (January of 2013), I noticed the product's name changed. Even if I click the item straight from my past purchases (which has no note of "Slim"), it took me to "slim" 527s. Reviewing the jeans in my closet, I can find no note of "slim." However, there's very little note of anything on them - other than "Levi 527." Assuming that Amazon wouldn't simply change the product name, I went ahead and ordered two more.The pairs that I ordered seem noticeably smaller. I vaguely remember past pairs starting off "snug" before being broken in. After some stretching and washing, they eventually end up fitting perfectly! However, these new pairs seem much smaller than I remember (a.k.a. "borderline uncomfortable"). I'm giving them a shot to see how they shape up, but I'm pretty convinced they really *are* a different type from the first - hence the new addition of "Slim." Why it suddenly changed? I have no idea...The most recent order (the "Slims") also have no note of "Slim" on the actual product's tags, etc... Thus, it makes it impossible to know if they're any different from the past ones I've ordered. With clothing, there are so many factors. (e.g. In what country was this specific pair produced? Could it be a bad batch? Have a grown/shrunk? Etc.. etc...)Long story short... To my knowledge, I know and love "Levi's Mens 527 Bootcut Jeans." They get my five-star. I think there are some new slim ones running around. The slim ones may now be all that you can technically order via Amazon, because I presently see no other options for the "regular" ones.Stay tuned... =]