I wanted a refresher course in Italian so I ordered this Rosetta Stone Italiano - Level 1.  This package is certainly unlike any other language learning program I have run across and even with brief usage, has yielded great results.  Although I have no major complaints with the program itself, the price factor did influence my rating.If you have issues with installing the software, I would check to make sure your pc has the latest version of software installed.  For example, Windows XP requires Service Pack 3 for this language software to work properly and Vista needs SP2.  It is easy enough to download the latest service pack with Windows but I hear mac users have more problems.  If you have an older pc, you really need to check the hardware requirements.  Also note that you must have broadband service to access all the features.The box includes a quick start booklet, installation cds, software cds, headset, user agreement booklet, keyboard stickers to convert for Italian usage and online services.  The quick start guide is important to read first and provides support online or by telephone (called about getting it onto my iPhone and received US based help without going through a phone maze).  The software installed easily on Windows 7 as did the included headset via usb port.  The global end user license agreement booklet was printed in microscopic print so I have my fingers crossed it is the usual stuff since I could not find a magnifying glass to read it. The stickers to place over the keyboard to convert it for Italian usage might prove problematic.  I had an extra keyboard that I placed the stickers on and could switch to when using this software.  I don't know if you would want this on your keyboard all the time and peeling it on and off does not seem ideal.  I think you could get away without using the stickers.This software helps with pronunciation (the headset has a microphone), builds vocabulary and phrases, and teaches simple conversation.  The software has 4 lessons in each unit covering: basics (unit 1), greetings and introduction (unit 2), work and school (unit 3) and shopping (unit 4).  Rosetta Stone advertises a learning application for your iPhone or iPod Touch but an account with Rosetta Stone's online services is required. Although the box states it includes free online features, they are free for three months only.  There is a $25 monthly fee  or a $149 fee for 15 months for online services after the trial period.  The 3 month trial starts the moment you activate your online account and you must be at least 13 to create an account.  I strongly suggest you use the software only and then use the online services to get the most out of this software.  The online services are great and allow you to access online tutors, games, and an online community to practice your Italian.  I really liked the options provided online but wished I had activated the free trial after I had gone through the lessons to get more out of it.  It's hard to converse or play simple games when you are just starting to learn Italian.Overall, this is a great tool to learn Italian if you can afford the hefty price tag.  For the same price you might be able to audit an Italian course at a local school but this software is more convenient and provides more personalized service.  Using this language software in tandem with its online services is almost as good as a private tutor at a lower cost.  I don't think I will continue with the online services given this is just a hobby for me but if you urgently needed to learn Italian, this would be worth the price.  I consider having friendly customer service available by phone a big plus.