This Invicta 8932 is a nice watch for those who want something a little more deluxe than the average Casio or Timex watch. I had recently bought a Casio for $21 from Amazon and decided to get a couple more watches that were basically the "next step up" on the watch food chain.My first Invicta purchase was theInvicta Men's 9310 Pro Diver Collection Swiss Quartz Watchwhich is a larger Swiss movement quartz-based version, with the blue bezel and silver and gold trim on the watchband. It seemed very well constructed and at the same time I purchased it, I bought a cheap set of watch tools16 PCS Watch Tool Kitfrom Amazon for a little over $7 because I knew I was going to need to remove links from the band. Both the 9310 and the 8932 come with watchbands large enough to fit a retired NFL defensive tackle's wrist. Most guys will need to take out a link or more to get this watch to fit. The watchband resizing tool that comes with many of those cheap watch tool sets will do the job in about 10 minutes, once you get the hang of it. Simply line up the watchband in the slot and adjust it, so that the little hole that contains the pin for the link lines up with the pointy end of the tool and twist the screwdriver-like handle in the direction the arrow on the watchband link is pointing and out it pops! Repeat as necessary and re-insert a pin to join the watchband together and you've saved a trip to the jeweler's shop and a few bucks, in addition to learning a new skill. It's not rocket science!Some people have complained that upon receiving the 8932, it is smaller than they thought it might be. In comparing it to my 9310, the 8932 looks like a 7/8ths scale version. If you want that Rolex Submariner look and heft, you might consider theInvicta Men's 9307 Pro Diver Collection Stainless Steel Watch, which does have that look, at about $35 more than the 8932.Whether you buy the 8932 or the 9307, please remember that they are quartz watches and while they look very waterproof, they probably (from the number of complaints from other reviewers) aren't. If you expect to hold on to this watch as a minimum, until the battery dies (avg. 2-3 yrs, but ymmv!), the only water these watches should ever see would be the picture coming out of your TV set from the Discovery Channel during Shark Week. If you want to do Jacques Cousteau impressions with an Invicta Diver-style watch, you'd be better off with theInvicta Men's 8926 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watchand its more expensive siblings, which are automatic, but have a screw-down crown, which aids in keeping water out. The downside to automatic watches is that they aren't quite as accurate as quartz watches are. These quartz models do not have screw-down crowns.I'm going to enjoy these "pretend Rolex look-alikes" for what they are and hope that when the battery dies in them, that I can easily replace it with the extra fancy watch-back openerWatch Case Opener Wrench Tool For Waterproof Watches CasebackI bought, in addition to the cheap watch tool set. These watches have screw-on backs. Wish me luck! BTW, since purchasing these new watches and tools, I've manage to repair every watch I've ever owned.