I followed the advice I found here, and ordered two sizes larger in band size (from a 38 to a 42), and one cup size smaller (from a D to a C).  The bra fits fine, and I don't know if I will ever wear a 'regular' bra again; I haven't worn one since I bought these long lines.  An extra thing I did pick up, is some pads to put in the front of the bra to create a smoother front.  The bra has no padding in the cups to 'disguise' other attributes, if you know what I mean.What makes the bra so comfortable is that you don't feel like your bust is dead weight hanging around your neck like a pair of gym shoes tied together with shoelaces.  The weight of the bust is lifted up and supported by the boning in the torso of the bra, instead of hanging from your shoulders.  And the back of the bra covers your whole back, so there are no fat rolls bulging out around the bra band.  And there is no bra band to feel like it is 'hitching up,' making you want to go hide at work behind a row of file cabinets so you can tug it back into place.  At the end of the day, your back and shoulders feel just as good as they did in the morning when you got dressed because you haven't been supporting that dead weight with your shoulders all day long.I used to always wear a camisole under my tops, even t-shirts, to help smooth out bulges and rolls created by my bra.  I don't need to do that now, because this bra smooths everything out all on its own.The boning is not totally rigid; it is flexible enough to bend where you need it to bend.  It provides support, but doesn't dig and gouge your skin.  And if your breasts tend to stick out to the sides and get in the way of your arms, this bra helps push everything to the front where it is supposed to be.  I also found that the point of my bust line is higher wearing this long line bra than with my regular bras, which makes my finished appearance more attractive.The front closure isn't visible under my clothes.  I guess it might be if I wore something stretchy and form fitting, but I don't wear those types of tops now anyway so that's not an issue for me.I would buy this product again.  Actually, I already have!