I was a Levis 501 shrink-to-fit diehard for a while, but with the sudden Levi Strauss departure into political stances and a decline in manufacture quality, I started searching for alternatives.  What I was looking for was a jean with history of being a work pant, a piece of Americana.  Something in raw denim that was untreated in terms of artificial washing.  Not designer.  Not $100+ for a pair.Wrangler cowboy cut hits all of those notes, and has a great price as well.  Impressions & comparisons:Material - heavier weight than Levis 501 STF.  IIRC it's 16oz denim vs 14oz.  Wranglers are sanforized, 501 STF are not.  Which means there will be around 3% shrinkage for the Wranglers after washing, vs around 10% for STFs.  Both materials are quite stiff out of the package and can be worn in the raw state long enough to create custom wear-in.  Wrangler wins on material.Stiching & joining - Wrangler has a clever double stich on the outer leg seam that looks single stich.  Which wins on both style and durability.  Levis 501 STF use a singe stich in the inside leg seam.  Crotch stitching on the Wranglers is not up to Levis quality, but pocket stitching on Levis is not up to Wrangler quality.  Wranglers retain the classic copper rivets on the rear pockets, and use less orange stitching overall for more of a dungaree look.  This category is close, but I prefer Wrangler stitching and joining.  Wranglers have 7 belt loops as opposed to Levis which have 5.Cut - Levis has a very particular kind of butt sag that likely came from being overalls originally.  I don't mind it, but many people do.  These Wrangler Cowboy Cut Slim Fits have no such butt sag.  They're sized about the same way as dress pants (read: no glamor sizing, so if you're using Levis or Old Navy waist sizes you're likely going to end up with pants 2 inches too small).  These pants have a tall rise, are tight through the legs, and flare a bit at the bottom to accommodate boots.  I am 6'1&#34; 180 lb, athletic build, and the pants fit snugly but not uncomfortably.  I do not fit into skinny jeans from Levis, as they seem to be geared towards really skinny, non-athletic people.  If you have extremely muscular or fat quads, or a big belly, these pants are not for you.  I'd say these are an athletic fit, best for endurance athletes not powerlifters.Tag - The worst thing about these jeans is the branding tag. It's a cheesy little piece of plastic, not even leather.  Just cut it off.Overall, a great raw denim jean for very little dough.  Nice 1950's style cowboy picture on the tag.  Go old school.