As I'm getting older, and losing more hair, I finally decided it was time to give up the baseball caps and find a more dignified hat suitable for most occasions and comfortable enough that I could wear it most of the time.  I am so happy I found this one!  My best friend has been wearing Tilley hats for many years and suggested I look into them.  His favorite hat is his Tilley LTM6ISTilley Endurables LTM6IS Hat With Tuckaway Neck Protectorwhich is a wide brimmed hat that he wears on his many camping trips.  However I decided to go with a medium brimmed hat so it would be more suitable for every day wear with shorts, jeans and even some of my dressier outfits.The Tilley Endurables TH5 Hemp hat is the perfect hat to fill my needs.  I chose the mocha color because I like a darker color, think it looks classier than the natural color, and I definitely think it will look better with most of my outfits.  The first thing I couldn't help to notice is the superb quality of both the hemp material and the workmanship.  Tilley states you never need worry about stitches coming loose because each and every stitch is a lock stitch.  I don't sew but figure that has to be good, I mean the stitching does look perfect. You can just tell the hemp material is durable as soon as you hold the hat in your hands.  The material has a pleasant organic feel and it "breathes", which along with the brass grommets on each side of the crown, allows air to circulate and escape which keeps my head comfortable, even on Florida's warmer days.  But the material is also strong, making the hat durable and allowing it to hold it's shape extremely well.  I love the way I can pull the brim down in back but only slightly in front and it stays, providing the look I want.  When I first got it the crown had some indentations and large wrinkles that looked kinda cool but I wanted to see what it would look like without the wrinkles.  Tilley's owner's manual (yes, it comes with a 4 page owner's man.) mentions that, even though wrinkles add character, if you want to get rid of the wrinkles to fill the body with warm water for a few seconds and to also wet the outside, then shape the body the way you want it and let it air dry.  Works like a charm!  As a matter of fact, Tilley's says to put the hat in the washing machine every once in a while, on gentle cycle, to rid the hat's soft headband of any perspiration staining before it has a chance to set in.When I began researching Tilley's hats it quickly became evident that they have a reputation for being a premier hat maker.  Tilley's are handmade in Canada by a company who's owner is obsessed with product quality and customer service.  So much so they offer a two year "half price" replacement warranty which says no matter how you might lose it or destroy it in the first two years, they will provide you a brand new hat for half price.  This is in addition to their lifetime warranty which states if your hat ever wears out, they will replace it for free!Lastly, Tilley can't stress it enough, and I concur, that in order for the hat to provide maximum comfort and to enjoy the hat to it's fullest, it's critical to get the sizing correct.  The hat is meant to fit somewhat "loosely" and sit a bit lower on the head than most hats.  Tilley recommends that if you absolutely know your regular hat size that you order one size larger to get the Tilley's recommended fit.  I didn't know my size so I measured my head according to their website's instructions and chose my size  using the sizing chart they provide.  Because of the relatively loose fit, the hat comes with an easily adjustable wind cord that can be placed under your chin or adjusted to the back of your head to keep the hat from blowing off in windy conditions.  I've yet to use it and just leave it up inside the body, but it's nice to know it's there if or when I need it.  There are many other features of the hat including UPF 50+ sun protection, a secret pocket for hiding a credit card or maybe a $20 bill, the fact it floats and the fact it won't shrink.  I love this hat and know anyone who wants a good looking, high quality hat, will too! There's also one other thing I know ... this won't be my last Tilley's hat!