The boots:I was lucky enough to pick up an only pair of 'like new' Danner Mountain Light II for $102 from Amazon's warehouse deals. Yup, chances are slim and the boots are practically brand-spanking-new in the box with tags! But unfortunately, they were way too big even though I bought them at  size down so therefore they must be returned. I immediately repurchase a 'new' pair (at one whole size down) and costing $100 more, now the new boots fit like a glove even though they are 2E (wide). Strange, they run BIG...or longer in length I should say but at the same time it is very NARROW and runs more like the regular "D' or 'M' widths. It fits me now, even though at one whole size smaller but the overall length of the boots are still longer compared to all my other (bigger size) shoes due to its protruding front/rear soles.Its sole purpose:So, long story short, I love my new Danner boots! I'm a light hiker and these boots are intended for that. They also go well with casuals such as jeans and khakis. For comfort, I pair them withThorlo Men's Coolmax Lt Hiker Crew Sockand they are extremely comfortable to wear while I'm breaking them in as we speak.  I also wore them for a 3-mile hike on some very rough terrains in the mountains the following weekend and couldn't be more satisfied. Great ankle support laced all the way up and the boots felt rock solid. Overall excellent padded support. Didn't inhibit any pain or blisters all. Maybe because of those Thorlons. I have a few more places mapped out all over the Santa Monica mountains and along the Malibu coast/canyons. These boots are gonna be in some serious business this summer.Quality:Could of been 5-Stars but when I received the boots, the green laces were not very presentable - the left side had dried gunk towards the very first D-rings by the toe, and for whatever reasons, the right side were somewhat chewed up towards the top D-Rings. I emailed Danner about the situation and got a response right away saying that a new set of laces are being sent out. Hats off to Danner!I gotta admit, somehow the 'like new' pair I got earlier were better built and looked more newer than these new ones. The ones I have now are new alright but somehow the (right) boot has a slight unevenness texture on the inner wall and not as flat compared to the left boot. Not a big deal and they are indeed NEW but just being very picky, especially for the price...I have the right to be don't I? Now go take a hike!