I literally just received this leather jacket and shock of all shocks, not obnoxious odor when the leather jacket was removed from the packaging. Of course there is going to be some residual "leather aroma" because; 1) it IS a leather product; 2) it has been enclosed in plastic shipping material preventing the leather from breathing; and 3) if one does not desire such a "leather aroma" than invest in a fake leather product.The quality of this leather product,NapolineTM Roman RockTM Design Genuine Leather Jacketis much better than a patchwork standard leather product as it is much more heavy-duty and appears more durable. The design is very 1930's vintage including the fold-down collar, double snap adjustable cuffs, full heavy-duty zippered front supplemented with a top/bottom snap secured flap, two snap top entry outside side pockets with slide-in hand warmer pockets. Other than being black versus distressed brown, this leather jacket looks very much like the one worn in the Indiana Jones films. I specifically like and chose this style design because of the leather cover elastic waste band and leather double snap adjustable cuff versus the knit design. The interior is fully lined with a polyester cloth including an internal left breast pocket.I found making the purchase of a quality, yet very affordable leather bomber style designed jacket, required a great deal of research learning about the different types of leather, how they are constructed, durability, maintenance, functionality, style design and overall good quality. My only disappointment is brown is not as available as one would expect, with black being the predominant color available. This is still a genuine leather product meaning one does not store it in the closet contained within a plastic bag and must be taken to a professional dry cleaner familiar with leather products for any cleaning. Being a genuine leather product it should not be worn in the rain or snow or spot cleaned at home, unless one knows what they are doing or the results may be a big surprise and hard lesson learned.In closing, I am thrilled to find a quality leather jacket in a size that is true to fit and actually fits comfortably. Now this review is within less than 24 hours of receiving the jacket and I can't wait to wear it now that the temps are dropping. I know I will be very warm, comfortable with plenty of room and for a guy in his late 50's look pretty cool too. Well, as cool as a guy in his late 50's can look under the circumstances. I would highly recommend thisNapolineTM Roman RockTM Design Genuine Leather Jacketas an excellent value for the price point.