We own a number of G-Shocks - my boys own the following:  GD100-MS1, the GLX-5600, G7900-1 Rescue, G2900-1V.I own the G9300-1 Mudman, and this - the G9000-1V Mudman.  Of all the G's we own, this is right up there with my favorites, and I wear it often.  It actually sees more wrist time than my G9300 since it is smaller and wears lighter, I like the way it wears.At first, I was not as satisfied with the function buttons - originally they were difficult to push as some have clearly stated in other reviews.  However, I am not sure if they have loosened up over time, but they don't seem to me that they are as hard to push as when the watch was new.  I operate the buttons now without thinking about it and without much difficulty now.  Like I said, I am not sure if it is because I got used to them, or they have worn in and loosened up - it might be a little of both.  Although they are not as easy to push as the other G's I own, it is not that big of a deal.As far as functions - I bought the G9000 Mudman due to it's reputation of having one of the better G modules out there - and in my opinion it has lived up to that billing.  Two stopwatches, a countdown timer, International timezones, four alarms, snooze, a nice bright, easy to push light and more....  Plus, I like the way this reads compared to other G's in normal lighting - it has a bright face, and reads well in all lighting conditions.  The letters, date, etc are all easy to read too - even for my old eyes!  Many other G-Shocks have certain parts of the face that are not easy to read- like the date on some models, but on this Mucman due to the display brightness, font used, etc I like the way it reads and have no trouble with it.The only "con" I can think of is the "2" used in military time - it is a little "squashed" due to the way it is displayed.... a minor thing, but it is a lame looking "2".Others have complained about the nubs on the back being uncomfortable when wearing the watch for extended periods - I have not noticed that, and I have used it for woodworking and other strenuous tasks.  It might depend on how tight you cinch the watch while wearing it, or perhaps on wrist shape - I could see that others could be bothered by it, but it has not bothered me at all.  Also, others have complained about the buttons being difficult to push - I have to agree the buttons are not the easiest to push compared to many other G's, BUT like I mention above I don' t mind it or notice it as much, and it seems to have improved as the buttons have become broken in.  The buttons on this Mudman will not be for everyone, I am not trying to say they are easy to push  - only that I don't mind them, and I realize to make the watch mud proof there has to be some trade off.Considering I got this watch for much less than the retail price here on Amazon, I could not be happier with its performance after five months of ownership.Would recommend to anyone looking for a tough, good looking G.