I bought these shoes based on the reviews posted. The reviews I payed attention to were people who worked, and on their feet for more than 12 hours. I thought it sounded great because I have fibromyalgia, and arthritis, and bunions. My one concern was they must be a heavy shoe. But,not based on the reviews I read. Unfortunately, after the 4th hour of work last night my feet were dragging.  The shoe is very cushiony, but the shoe is very heavy. The other reviewers said it was not, but with my feet they were a heavy shoe.I am passing on my experience because there was nothing written anywhere about shoes and fibromyalgia. I hope this will help someone else.This is a update, if you have feet problems like myself and have tried everything. Don't give up. I am spending more than I would have like to on a shoe. But I look at it as a investment for my feet.  I knew what I needed was a lighter shoe and cushion. The advice they gave me, is alot of people with my problem buy a running shoe.I ended up buying Asic Sneakers. The shoe has lots of cushion, and is flexible and a light shoe. I wore them for the first time last night. The test was after four hours.  My gosh,it was wonderful not to be limping out the door at work.  I even did not wear my orthotics. Can you imagine if I wore them what a difference that would be. I would check out Asics website, and do some research of your own, then go to amazon and check out some of the reviews.  For the first time, I can walk out the door. I will always have slight pain, no matter what.  The Asic Cumulus( like the cloud) shoe did make a difference. The pain is not as intense and throbbing. Before the Asics, and I tried the Spiras, It was so bad that it took about 4 days of not working to relieve the pain. I couldn't sleep because the pain was so intense.  But, now my pain is still there but tolerable. But, if I wore the orhotic which I plan to tonight, I am curious to see how I will feel after 8 hours.  The only drawback is the shoe, colors are made for runners. Realize the color allows people to see runners at night. So, the colors are are very bright and youthful. But, I will say, GET OVER IT!! As long as my feet don't hurt I don't care what color it is.One other mention after this review, another shoe I recommend is called the Orthoheel.  I never thought I would not wear sneakers at work. But,I find them the best shoe for my feet lately.