I was prepared to be disappointed with Rosetta Stone Italian Level 1, the first Rosetta Stone I've tried.  It was the voice recognition I was leery of. Though I've studied two languages through classes, I have no aptitude for speaking languages at all. The languages I'm most familiar with are the Teutonic/Germanic gutteral sounding languages; I have such problems with the romance languages. I married into a Portuguese-American family and they still howl with laughter when, after 21 years, I attempt the language.In addition, I've broken my ear drums a couple times, and have suffered loss of hearing as a result (compounded, could be, by age!).I am very happy to say that I have had no problem hearing or understanding the Rosetta program.  The included headphone/microphone combo fits comfortably and I forget it's on while going through a lesson. In addition, I've only had a couple times where I had to repeat a phrase because it was so off-base the voice recognition program didn't think it would pass as Italian. Now, granted, this may be because the bar is set really low for how authentically I speak Italian; but I would think that with a program teaching Italian as a second language, it would have to be. For most people, it isn't teaching you how to pass as Italian, it's teaching you how to pass IN Italian. And, if the voice recognition program was too fussy, I would get discouraged and just throw it away.Lessons start out with pronunciation, one syllable at a time, spoken and written.  Then vocabulary, spoken and written. Then phrases.  Total immersion, everything is shown on the screen in Italian and spoken in the program in Italian. Occasionally, you have to type in the answer to a question, rather than say the answer.  Everything is accompanied by photos. So your learning is reinforced in three ways:  you hear the phrase spoken, you see the phrase written, and you see a photo illustrating each phrase (a boy running, boys running).  In later lessons you dive into conversations with full sentences.Your Main Menu shows you which lessons you've completed. Based on that, you can access Rosetta Studio, which is practice with real people. Your main menu will tell you if any Rosetta Studio sessions are available at any point in time. You schedule a session and you and other students take part in a session lead by a native Italian speaker.You get a two-disc CD set for additional practice when you're not on the computer. I have used mine in the car, only occasionally feeling silly for "talking to myself". There's no voice recognition, of course. You are only repeating what is said on the CD.  The CD is divided into the same chapters as in the computer program, and each chapter starts with pronunciation, then vocabulary and phrases. Good reinforcement, though, I have to concentrate so hard on what is being said on the CD, that it's a little distracting for driving.If you have an iPhone or another iTouch device, you can download a mini-version of the computer program, including photos. I haven't tried that as my phone is a dinosaur.Included with your program is three months access to Rosetta World OnLine. I haven't tried this yet. From what I understand, after you've completed each chapter on the computer program, you are told how many games, stories and activities are available to you on the OnLine center. You can play individual games, or games with other players (learners) logged in, or with a native Italian speaker. Unfortunately, Rosetta World OnLine is only available 8am - 8 pm for me in Pacific Standard Time zone.  Many times I've sat down at the computer after the kids are in bed, and then it's too late.  If you're in the Eastern U.S., it's available from 11 am to 11 pm. After the three month introductory offer is over, you pay a fee, but I actually can't find what the fee will be.Incidentally, Rosetta Stone offers a six-month unconditional money-back gurantee, but according to their website, you have to order it direct from Rosetta Stone. I only checked the price for Rosetta Stone Italian Level 1 and as of writing this review, the price is the same as the price on amazon.I am using this program on a PC XP with no problems.