This is the smartest looking automatic day/date diver that you can wear anytime, anywhere.  I can tell the time very easily in daytime and at night time.  The lume is very bright even at 4am.  There is something modern and universal about the rounded dial features.  The USA version uses rectangular block, which looks more commonplace.  No funky, cool second hand that windows the hours like a Hamilton Khaki, but a simple dot lume on the opposite end.  There is not a single really "bad" feature about this watch.  The watch case is very solid and has a quality heft.  The screw crown feels smooth and turns straight.  The movement is time tested and very, very consistent- it may not be an expensive movement, but is reliable.  I have 3 Seikos with a similar movement and they don't vary more than +/-3 seconds per day, which is downright awesome.  Right now, this model is +1 per day, face down at night.  I almost gave up automatics because I work almost 7 days a week and often forget which day it is and I bought a Timex Easy Reader day/date for simplicity.  There is no shame in wearing something so clean and simple, with the right band.  That is what I'm looking for these days.  I even use the rotating bezel to time everything.  Sure, a Rolex Submariner would be nice, but I'm using this watch for everything, even in the shower to time myself (we're in a drought over here).  I saw so many Submariners at a recent industry convention that I no longer feel that it is a unique piece anymore (plus no day and date).  The standard Jubilee band is great: comfortable, light, articulate, and good looking.  It does make the case feel heavier because it is so light, but has a nice formal look to it- very Rolex looking.  I picked up a silicone deployment band and it changed the whole character of the watch- very casual and tech like dark.  With the metal band, the 007 is almost dressy.  So far none of the bands are cutting off my circulation, even while accidently sleeping wear the watch.  That is probably due to the larger size and wide 22mm band.  Be aware that the spring bars are very thick, maybe 2.5mm so if you replace the band, you might need narrower spring bars.  As of now, I think I found the perfect day/date diver with a subtle, but functional bezel (well if you run your hand over the edge of the bezel, the rim is a bit rough).As with most automatic watches, putting watch face down speeds it up and crown down slows it down.  My 007 needs face down and it has been +/- 5 seconds a week, but consistently so.  I am never 5 seconds over or under at any time!  Not cumulatively!