By far one of the most comfortable, if not the most comfortable shoe or sandal I have ever owned. Now that summer is over, and it is late Fall, I find myself still wearing these even now that it is colder because they feel so good. I bought mine in May, and it is November now. They really are tough to give up. Any reservations I had that they look funky evaporated when I wore them. If they do not feel right when you put them on, you probably have the wrong size. Most people that buy Keens find that they need to buy a half size larger than they do with other shoes.They have a wide toebox so that your toes are not cramped together, and they are the first to come out with the protective toe guard. While other companies are starting to put toe guards on their shoes, they are not designed to be both protective and completely comfortable like Keens. I never stub a toe or catch a toe on anything with these, plus I can hide my ugly toes. It also has a little rise on the rear heel that cups your heel comfortably, but also helps protect you against those people that step on the back of your foot. It feels very secure once it is on and does not slip. There are no straps to fool with or Velcro to adjust, it has an inner lining that looks like the neoprene on a scuba suit, it stretches to fit. It has a no lace closure and you set it once, from then on it slips on easy. The metatomic footbed cradles my foot like no shoe I have ever seen. A feature I had not experienced before in any shoe is the little ridge on the inner sole that runs behind the toes and in between your big toe and other toes. The first time you feel it is a surprise, but it turns out to add to the comfort of the shoe immensely. That ridge forms in a short time to your foot, giving you your own custom fit. Keens shoes are invented by a doctor, who studied the anatomy of the foot very closely, and it shows. I hate to gush about this, but the shape of this shoe inside and out gives me a sensation that the shoe is part of me, and I can stand longer and walk longer... it makes me feel like running. I first saw these on some ultralight backpackers I met, they swore by them.It has an anatomical outer sole that is very grippy, with a nice athletic shape, it gives good traction on sand, dirt, boulders, mud, you name it. It is not slippery on the boat or dock, and the sole does not leave any marks. It is made in such a way that it does not hold dirt in any grooves to track ion on my carpet either. It is great for water, and you can wear it into the stream, pool, or sea. If it gets wet, for some reason you don't feel it due to the material that wicks the water away. It has an anti-microbial treatment that takes away any germs.The first Newport that came out has leather trim, but it is officially waterproof. The newer Newport H2 is made of completely synthetic materials, and it holds up better in the long run as far as repeated wettings and mud. When my H2's get dirty, I throw them in the sink, under the hose, or even in the washer and they come out like new. I wore these almost daily for 4 months straight with no evidence of wear. This includes standing in line all day at theme parks and scrambling at the beach and lava rocks on Maui. These come in many colors. Keens makes other great shoes like the Providence boots, clogs, and tennis shoes. My other favorite sandals are for dressier occasions, they are the black Rieker Anti-Stress Jens 09176, and the Dunham Moose Fisherman (actually designed by New Balance).