La Femme Boit...... I think that means the girl drinks. Learned that in the first 5 minutes. :)Ok, overall the program is good. This was my first experience with Rosetta Stone software and I like it. They really did one heck of a job making learning fun and easy. I highly recommend the software if you want to learn a second language, it looks like it is a good product. I would definitely try other languages after seeing just how easy it is to use this stuff.What didn't I like?For starters the headphones and microphone that came with it are NOT quality, they are not comfortable and my ears got really hot. It was like wearing styrofoam balls over my ear[...]. Sure wish they headphones were at least padded better. The microphone seemed to work well, my only gripe here is the comfort of wearing it. And if you follow this program you will wear it a lot!Second, it took nearly 30 minutes for me to install the software. I understand software piracy but between the lengthy install process, having to scratch off a 28 digit code from a little plastic card and manually enter that and the several updates I had to download it was a bit dull. I sure would have like a faster, easier program to install. So don't think you can just pop this in and you are good to go, you need to first install the application, then install the language pack, then update it (if updates are available) then you need to scratch off the secret code and activate the product, then you have to setup your user profile and THEN you can finally get started.Overall the product is good, I give it 4 stars out of 5 because the software is really the key here. The headset is low quality and that takes away from the experience. I would almost they NOT provide a headset then provide the one they did. And second the install was lengthy. I got the french lesson, I don't want to have to install the application and then a language pack. The software should be smart enough to install both the app and language pack together to make the process even easier.And yes, I am a software developer so when I review software I look at it from a complete implementation standpoint. Software is only as good as the installer.