First off, like other reviewers have mentioned this is NOT a large watch. It is about 1 3/8 inches horizontally across from the tip of the crown to the other edge of the case. If you need a huge watch to prove your manliness, keep searching. If you want a watch that has an accurate Japanese quartz movement, a watch that weighs only 19 grams that you will forget you are wearing, is super low profile (which helps keep it from catching on things or scratching it), fits under a sleeve with ease, will not slide down your arm when you lift your hand over your head, has GREAT contrast and can be easily seen in dim light, is water/ rain resistant so long as not submerged in water, and a 2-3 year battery life all for under ten bucks shipped to your house, then this is it.The entire length of the watch is 9 inches, but the effective length from the last hole to clasp is about 8 inches. If you have a huge wrist this watch may not look good nor fit you well. The stainless steel case back can be pried off from the 12 o'clock position (from the back), and the battery CAN be replaced. The watch has a Japanese Miyota movement inside (which is apparently made by Citizen watch company), and has a Japanese Sony 626sw battery which requires you to loosen a very small flat head screw and slide a little metal arm out of the way to remove the battery. When doing this be careful not to touch or remove the rubber seal around the outer edge or you may lose the water resistant ability if it comes out of its groove. When you push the case back on it goes it pops in place nicely and rather snug. My battery lasted one year until I had to replace it, so the watch was probably sitting on a shelf for a year or two before I bought it.The watch does not tick loudly, and I like the look of it which is very classic. No one will mistake it for a high dollar watch but people may notice it easily for its super white dial and clean look. I have a medium to smaller sized wrist and I like the look of it on me. Having a plastic case and relatively thin resin strap it most likely will NOT be able to withstand the abuse that a G-Shock will, but if cared for will always reliably tell you the time even down to the second.