Install Machine:Intel iMac 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo, 4 GB DDR3 RAM, OS 10.6.6Install was smooth and easy.  No hangups.  It immediately asked if I wanted to update after I installed.  It was about a 4 MB update and downloaded/installed quickly.  Need admin privileges to install software.  Total install time with level 1 language pack was maybe 20 minutes or less (there is a lot of data copied to the PC).Launching the software was straightforward and launching into the first lesson was easy.  The only issue I had was getting the included microphone/headset to work right.  It kept telling me to say "1, 2, 3, 4, 5" into the microphone, but it kept saying it couldn't configure the microphone.  I finally made some random noise into the mic and it worked fine.  In the lessons the mic worked fine.In the first lesson it was obvious what needed to be done.  I was slightly disappointed that the headset headphones did not play the audio, and instead the computer speakers played the audio, so why do I need a headset for just the microphone?  Oh well, no big deal, just different.I did the first lesson with my 5 year old son, and he enjoyed it a great deal too.  He quickly picked up what he needed to do for each lesson, but as a downside many of the lessons show only four pictures, so you can just start clicking on boxes until you get it right (an issue for my son).One thing I appreciated is the first lesson had absolutely no English.  It was only images and Italian words and speaking.  This is a better way to learn to make the association of the foreign word to the object instead of translating it in your head through your native tongue first.Maybe being level 1 it is easier on me, but I found I could be pretty far off in pronunciation and it would still accept my spoken words.  However, it is still nice to have some feedback if what your saying is close to correct, and this software provides that.I think this software is excellent, but the price of entry is high.  However, how much would it cost to take a foreign language class?  The textbook would probably cost at least 1/3rd what this software would cost.  So given the high price, I still think this is a good buy if you are a good solo learner.  Great for those who don't have time to take an instructor lead course.