I have very flat feet and have all my life.  I've had corrective surgery to align my feet, but they're still flat.  Because they're flat, my feet are also prone to ligament inflammation without proper support.  All of these factors considered, I live in a constant struggle to find a comfortable shoe.  I usually wear tennis shoes with custom orthotics in them, but for a day at the beach, this is a problem.  I can't hold flip flops on comfortably (and they have absolutely no support!) so I needed a sandal that could hold itself on.  I tried Columbia Techsun 2 sandals, which I thought would be great, until I walked through the Bahamas in misery and ended up with blisters.I researched walking sandals for hours and hours until I finally settled on the Keens. They are a bit pricey, but any shoe that I can walk in without pain is totally worth it to me.  I've never had a more comfortable pair of shoes straight out of the box.  It's rare that I find shoes that I can wear for miles and not have something rub me or that make my knees and back ache. They'd be cuter without the big black toe guard, but I'll probably come to appreciate that feature of the shoe.  (It would be nicer if it was the same color as the straps of the shoe.)  I bought them to use on trips, but I have a feeling that when summer comes, these will be the only shoes on my feet.  I've already raved so much about them that I'm ordering a pair for my husband right now!My husband and I both wore these on a recent trip to the Caribbean and they were invaluable.  In San Juan, Puerto Rico, I walked at least 8 miles in my Keens and didn't even think about my feet.  They were so comfortable and I was especially impressed with the grip of the soles on wet rocks.  At the end of the day, I was so happy that I didn't have any blisters and my feet still felt good.  I also wore these on the beach in the Bahamas and they dried very quickly in the sun.  I will never take a trip without these shoes again!  I'm now thinking that I need these in other colors!If you have flat feet or fallen arches, I would recommend these shoes for you.  I couldn't be happier with them!