Finding a good lightweight jacket that fits right, and looks the way you want it to look, in stores these days is really tough. For some reason, major chains like Kohls, JC Pennys, Sears, etc refuse to carry these jackets at any time during the year, but I was able to find some at Macy's.At Macy's store, this jacket had a sticker on it of an absurdly $125.00, which is the MSRP.  But woopee! They have a 1/2 off sale, which is still over what a jacket like this is really worth. Stores like Macy's do this, so you think you're getting a deal - but don't. (Amazon also shows a MSRP of $125.00 - this doesn't mean that's the regular price, it only is a number put there by the manufacturer). And, get this - Macy's advertises this jacket on their website and has it at $160.00! 3 times what this jacket is really worth and $35.00 more than what the manufacturer suggests asking for it! (but wait --- free shipping and a 15% off coupon you got in the mail or found online? ---- Do the math, it still doesn't work!!!) That's an incredible amount of money to spend on a simple jacket like this.They only had one jacket my size there so I tried it on. I actually was going to buy it, but didn't, because it was an obvious return. No tags on it. Which got me to thinking. Where has this jacket been?So, off to Amazon I go. I just got the jacket in only two days using my Prime free shipping. It came in a sealed wrap, with tags, obviously untouched by unclean and contaminated human hands. I'm kinda funny this way - as I hate the thought of bringing something home from a store like Macy's particularly having only one jacket there this size, meaning who knows who has had it, or even if it wasn't a return. People are putting it on, taking it off, and putting it back on the rack and perhaps someone else picking it up off that filthy floor and hanging it back up for someone to purchase. Well, not me!With Amazon's return policy, it just seems ridiculous to put up with this. Why put up with the marketing BS these stores are pulling, and getting basically used and overpriced merchandise in the process?The jacket itself is of very good quality. I've had Weatherproof jackets in the past and have always been satisfied. This one has plenty of room in the arms (when extended) and is lightweight and comfortable. The sizing is well proportioned.  It's a bomber type, meaning it has the elastic at the bottom and on the sleeves. I like this because when you're a little on the portly side and have to buy a larger jacket, the sleeves on other brands are usually too large with the arms being too short. These sleeves and arms fit very nicely and the jacket is very comfortable partially or fully zipped up.My only complaint about shopping for jackets on Amazon, is that they don't take pictures of the lining, or the inside of the jacket which for me is the most important aspect of it. Again, with Amazon's very fair return policies that would be the only advantage of going to a store like Macy's - to look at these before buying on Amazon.Great Jacket - Fair Price. Thanks Amazon.com! It's only a matter of time you put these knucklehead department stores out of business unless they figure it out and get their act together!(yes, I know ratings should be for the product, not necessarily the store, but in this case people need to know!)