The jeans fit almost perfectly.  Maybe slightly big but that's probably my fault as I probably lost a little weight since the last time I've bought jeans.  It's still a pretty good fit though and I figure it will probably shrink a little after washing.  I like that it's not too tight around the legs and still looks slim.  I'm really not into dressing in skin tight pants so that's what I was most afraid of in ordering jeans off the internet...oh yeah this is the first time I've ordered pants off the internet....so...success!So why the 4 stars instead of a 5?  The only reason is that the jeans don't feel like jeans.  They don't feel durable or rugged as I'm used to jeans feeling.  They feel quite thin actually but hopefully they are more durable than they feel.  These are probably not the jeans you want to wear with the weather getting cooler now either.  I'm sure they'll be great on warmer days but I doubt they'll provide much protection from cold weather.I will likely still purchase at least 1 more pair in another color and since I like the sizing from Levi's, I'll probably get a couple of thicker jeans from them also.***Update 10/29/2013***Although the jeans did shrink a little, as expected, in the wash it is still fitting pretty well.  I still liked them enough to buy another pair in another color.  I purchased Tumbled Night and am not satisfied with this pair.First, for some reason the sizing feels different in the latest pair.  The waist is smaller making it feel more like a 29 when it's supposed to be a 31.  The length and fit around the legs is more or less fine.  The material feels a little thicker, which was a small complaint on the first pair I purchased.  I only mention it again because of the inconsistency and not as a complaint.  The "color" is also not what I expected from the photos.  The variations in the color are a little too uniform and make them look like striped pants.  It's still not a bad color but not what I was expecting.  I am returning the jeans because I know it will likely shrink in the wash, making the waist much more tighter than would be comfortable.  I am hoping the next pair will be more satisfying.