These are old school leather boots.  They require patience to break in, but it really is not bad at all.  There is actually no reason for a painful break in period if you are smart about it.  Do not go out on a long hike the first day you wear these boots!  Just casually wear them around the house for a few days.  The heat from your feet and the easy walking about will already start the break in process.  Then start walking around the block.  If no discomfort, then up your distance a bit.  Each day, increase distance, but by no more than 1/2 mile or a mile at most.  Within a few weeks you will be walking as far as you want to.  I had some aesthetic complaints about the boots when I first took them out of the box (that all became non-issues, see below).  Despite appearances, these boots do not feel clunky on my feet at all, and it is very easy to drive with them on.5/2/14 UPDATE (after 50miles): The boots get more and more comfortable each day.  3 to 5 mile hikes are no problem, and the heel rubbing is not noticeable.  These Danners are truly old school boots, and should not be judged too hastily.  Mine are getting comfortable, and all the aesthetic complaints I had about the right boot, are a non-issue now.  The boots have stretched and things have settled into place, and they look great.  The stance, at least for me, is just right.  They feel very stable and give a good feel for the ground beneath my feet.  They don't give me an unpleasant "jacked up" feeling at all.5/11/14 UPDATE (after about 100 miles) Upgraded to 4 stars. I am really liking my boots, and they just keep getting more comfortable. They just feel right on my feet. The weight is not a problem at all, in fact I don't even notice it, except in a positive way; it lends a solid feel to the boot and inspires a steady, relaxed stride when I walk.  I walked 9.5 miles one day, no problems.  Perhaps on 20 mile days with lots of steep climbing, the weight might be a problem, but so far I like the boots just the way they are.5/16/14 UPDATE (after about 125 miles) Started using Dr. Sholes "Odor-X" insoles and they are working great for me.  I was using Danner Fatigue Figher insoles, but they were too thick and generated lots of heat and cramped my toes.  The Odor-X insoles still provide a bit of cushioning, but keep my feet cool, don't cause any friction, and leave plenty of room for my toes.