I love this bra.  I am a competitive, thin, fit 44 yo with 34F busts so over the years certain body parts have moved a bit southward and there is a lot of postential for jiggling to outright flopping.  In this Enell Sport Bra I can run and jump with no unwanted movement.  It is a compreesion bra, so you are going to have a mono-boob, but it is the only bra I can run in that does the job without chafing.  And when I am working out hard I'm a make-upless, hair-puled-back, sweaty mess, so what do I care if I have one compressed motionless boob?Most of the negative reviews of this bra are folks who couldn't get into it, so I figured I wuld tell you the easiest way:1. First put your arms through the arm holes as though you were putting on a vest.2. Leave your boobs where they are: if they are down by your lower rib cage, your belly button or tucked into your waistband, just leave there.3. Grasp your Enell Sports Bra by the bottom two front clasps and lift up (vertically) so you are NOT pulling it across your boobs, but over the top of your boobs across your chest at arm pit height.4. Hook the bottom to clasps so that the bra is closed at the bottom but contains no boobs.5. Using your right hand, go through the inside of the bra and scoop up your left boob and pull it ino the bra.  Do the same with your left hand, right boob.6. Arrange your boobs so they are comfortable and facing the same direction, then easiely hook the rest of the clasps from the bottom up.Ta-Da!I will say this is a LOT of bra. If you are a cup size C or smaller this may not be the bra for you.  If you do not do a lot of high impact movements (running, jumping, karate, burpees, pogo-sticking) you probably do not need a bra this sturdy.  For example, I do not need to wear my Enell when I am weight training or biking.  However, if you are an older lady who maybe has had a couple of kids and gravity has done its thing, this may be the bra for you; or if you are a younger gal who is well endowed and have seen your mother naked and don't want the same fate to befall you, then you may want to wear a Enell to ward off the horrors of gravity for as long as possible.