Once the band is changed it is a great, comfortable watch.  It is a decent sized watch for a 7 inch wrist.  Second hand lines up perfectly. Bezel ring rotates very smoothly and is nice and snug with no play. It is the about the same dimensions of my Tag Heuer Aqua Racer.  My wife would not let me change the metal band on my tag for a rubber one, so I bought this inexpensive watch instead.  If you are thinking about getting the Casio Mako(cheap feeling, lots of play in the bezel ring), I will say that this is a much higher quality watch for just a little bit more.  This is in the same league as my Seiko Pepsi Diver with regards to quality. Even though it says Pulsar on it, it might as well be a Seiko. Seikos are some of the highest quality inexpensive watches.  The Lume is as bright as my Seiko Divers watch was.  The crystal is slightly recessed, which is nice.  Nice clean face and hands with similar styling to the seiko divers watches.  The watch is very comfortable on the wrist- it rests nicely without a lot of jiggling around on the wrist, which is nice.Downsides?  Nothing is perfect.  I was going to try to endure the strap that came on the watch.  I lasted about an hour before I ran out to the local watch store for a replacement.  The stock strap actually made red indentations into my wrist.  It is sharp and cruel.  Hence the four star rating.  The new strap fixed all of that.  I bought a nice black rubber strap with white stitching that makes the watch look more expensive than it is. The only real down side is the strap.If I wanted to be really picky I could complain about the lack of a 200 meter rating, but I only swim on the top 1 meter of the water, usually. Or I could nitpick that does not have a screw down crown, or that the crown is not fancy. The bezel ring does not have a clearly identifiable marker at the 12 o'clock position- the 12 o'clock position looks almost the same as 3, 6 and 9 .  The back of the watch is flat and unimpressive.  But who looks at the back of a watch?  The watch might not be as finished as my Tag Heuer, but it is good for the price.The only other potential down side is that this watch was probably manufactured in 2006, which was about 5 years ago.  So either the battery is going to be dead real soon, or else they already replaced the battery.I think that the price reduction is probably because they have a lot on hand.  Many people have probably bought ecodrive watches instead.  Would I have liked the fancier Citizen ecodrive instead? Yes, but not for [...] more.  If this lasts me 4 years before I am sick of it then I will have gotten my money's worth.Overall great knock around watch.  Just don't bother at all with the strap- plan on changing it right away.