FOR ME, THE EASY SPIRT "MOTION" SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE.  I am unable to wear heels, (long story) -- but these shoes, which lace up as in any true oxford, have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today, burdened as they are with extra outside padding, do not.  The result is, that this is indeed a SLIM, WALKING shoe, not a bulky sports shoe.  It is as neat and pretty as any woman's oxford shoe can be.This is a very, very comfortable shoe.  It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air --but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be, I believe, without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many, many colours, you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe.  Because so many people are buying it, the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours.  For a very long time, I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe, whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour.  We were both very happy with them!Then, I saw in a well-known catalogue, that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue, (on special order only), in G O L D colour!  And not just a "goldEN" colour -- but a true, gold foil colour!  And at the same price as all the other colours!  All that "special ordering" the gold (foil) shoes, was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the (shiny!) gold (foil) colour of Easy Spirit "Motion" shoes for a few years.  I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well!  And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour "bronzedd" baby shoes, or, are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret's flat pumps, in the famous "double negative" picture, by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace, with their mother, father, and corgi dog.  The picture is in black and white, so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it.  But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same! In the words of the classic song... " Oh.....dem golden slippers....! " : )As I've said, I've gotten several compliments on my golden oxford Easy Spirit motion shoes.  For someone who cannot wear a heel above a half-an-inch, this is doubly gratifying.  HOWEVER, I DO NOT SEEM TO BE ABLE TO FIND THE 'GOLD' (FOIL), COLOUR OF THESE SHOES HERE ON AMAZON, and so must get my shoes elsewhere.  Sometimes at an even more expensive price, and a longer wait.It would be nice to have a "Gold Easy-Spirit Motion Community" here on Amazon.  I really would like to get together with others who wear, not only Easy Spirit Motion shoes, but the Gold Foil Colour of Easy-Spirit Motion shoes.  I hope to see them here on Amazon soon, so that others may experience the joy of being complimented, often, on THEIR Gold-Foil colour Easy Spirit Motion shoes, too!