I bought this jewelry box to keep my growing trinket collection organized. I face such hardships between an attentive husband who keeps providing me with pretty earrings and sparkly bracelets at random calendar dates. I mean, I can't wear them all at once and leaving them lying around in the open like art pieces or hanging them off my wine glass as is popular was getting a bit perplexing with so many choices. I knew there was a problem when our mischievous cat was using a garnet chandelier earring as a diversion from his premium-grade feather toy.A very nice feature are the many drawers and compact shape that closes up, reminded as I was of one of my mother's beloved jewelry boxes. The folding front and side doors do such a fine job of making it look like I stack black faux-leather boxes on my armoire instead of heaps of gems in a tangle of chains. No longer does the cat careen over the edge in a pile of jewelry when he jumps up where he should not be. The husband appreciates this. The drawers, however, aren't very deep or long. There are two or three dividers at best, wide enough for a necklace or a narrow bracelet. My longer pieces used to lasso the unsuspecting have to be coiled up or hung from the interior pegs on the side doors, the majority hanging in the provided velvet pouch. So it's not very suitable for long necklaces or earrings.The hooks on the doors are okay for shepherd-hook earrings, but they are limited in number and require some fiddling to settle down. A quick trick is to use the plastic backers that come with most mid-range glittery pieces to help secure them. Otherwise assign a servant to reorganize them at your leisure. Larger hands may find placing them difficult. I suppose if you travel with studs and cufflinks, you should be good. Cuff bracelets or substantial pieces are really beyond the spaces except the deep square occupied by the small travel case.For a permanent receptacle for jewelry, it really needs another six inches for length and depth at minimum. The box works fantastic for a confined space and the locking mechanism on the front panel is quite solid and holding the lid and side panels together. A good buy, with a handsome appearance, but I still need something larger for the pile of fine accessories still awaiting a spot.