I've always wanted a watch like this. The fact that it really does look (and can pass) for an Omega or Rolex didn't impress me all that much. All I saw was the perfect watch face for me.There is really no point in giving you a blow by blow failure timeline. My first 8926A (two years ago) was a semi-disaster. For starters, it was not a particularly accurate time piece from Day 1. You'll have to reset it every other day or so. This watch is supposedly a "professional divers watch".  In reality, it couldn't handle a single lap in an indoor pool without taking on water. Typically, this means that the innards (as seen through the crystal) fog up and moisture drops form inside the that otherwise gorgeous face. As it reached the end of its one-year lifetime, the watch would not stay wound and simply stopped whenever it felt like it. An expensive battery operated winder could not keep the lovely trinket on time.This is now my second 8926 and the jury is still out.My newest Invicta keeps remarkably good time for an automatic movement. I'd say that it gains about 90 seconds a week. That's actually better than my dad's 40-year old Omega Automatic which gained a minute a day--even when it was new!Convinced that I finally gotten a winner, I glanced at my 8926 a month ago and discovered to my horror that the bezel faceplate had  simply fallen of and was gone for good. What appears to be a handsome enamel insert is actually a cheap and very thin painted metal ring. Without that black and silver ring, the watch looks cheap and devoid of any distinction.I called the Invicta Hot Line and was pleasently surprised to be connected with an english speaking professional who sold me a replacement part for $13. It arrived in about three weeks. With the help of carefully applied Gorilla Glue, the watch was repaired and looks good as new.No matter what, I still will not risk swimming or even showering with this watch on. A sad state of affairs for a so-called "Professional Diver's watch".The Invicta Men's 8926 Pro sells for about $80. It's a dead ringer for a Rolex or Omega for a micron of the cost. Nevertheless, $80 is by no means cheap either. One expects a servicable and somewhat accurate timepiece for over $50. Quality control seems to be the issue here. Still, I love the look of this thing. If you are willing to take your chances safe in the knowedge that Amazon has a splendid return policy, you might want to give it a shot. In spite of the moniker, this is by no means a professional divers watch! Still it is a very handsome sports watch and attractive stainless steel bracelet as well.The bottom line his is that YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.