I was looking for casual shoes to wear with jeans that are a little sporty but I don't like to wear running/workout shoes casually and I wanted something more mature than Converse and Pumas (although I love them).These shoes are really cute and unique. The grey ones look like a shiny armadillo haha. Pretty cool. I didn't realize the texture of these from the photos.I have a wide foot and wear 8.5 wide in flats/casual shoes. I ordered a size 9. I have not worn these out yet, but I had them delivered to work and have been wearing them on the carpet at work. These seem to accommodate the wider part of my foot just fine, and my toes have a good amount of room to move because the toe box area is round and wide. As a matter of fact, the 8.5 would have been too short and I could probably go for a size 9.5 if I planned to wear these with sock liners (which I don't because the faux fur inside is enough liner). These feel snug like slippers and I like it.I also like the fact that I don't feel any seams or padding inside that will cause rubbing or discomfort. I plan to wear these walking around Chicago this weekend so we'll see how it goes; I may update back here. I don't usually do well with "barefoot" type shoes because of my wide, flat feet and they are often too narrow to begin with. It's all about the fit, and these really fit my feet like  aglove.I think these are a great option for someone who is vegan looking for all man made materials. I thought it was cute that these shoes come with individual eco-friendly drawstring bags. I have another pair of Jambus, strappy sandals that I love, so I specifically searched Jambu here to find another pair. I'm over wearing uncomfortable shoes and am willing to spend money on fewer well fitting shoes than have a bunch of cheap shoes laying around.Update:I wore these around on carpet for a bit and they were fine. Then I wore them around Chicago for a day and realized quickly they are just too short. My heels were rubbing against the back. I purchased 9 and usually wear 8.5. I think a 9.5 would have been perfect and I think I'll actually re-order and sell or give away the 9's. I recommend ordering one size larger. It's a great shoe once you get the sizing right!