When I was younger, I lamented I was too flat chested. Now that I'm over 50, the opposite is true. Age, gravity and weight have made my upper section look like one big blob. I used to have a thin waist; now it appears non existent! I decided I needed a lifting bra to separate my bust from my waist again. The ones I've tried, however, made me look like Nurse Diesel from the movie High Anxiety: pointing straight out as opposed to perking me up! So I realized I not only needed lift but some minimizing as well. Being a 40C, I didn't want a lot of minimizing though. Due to Amazon's liberal return policy on clothing, I decided to try four different minimizing, lifting bras.The Bali Live It Up bra (this one) had no lining which was its major drawback. The cups were also a little too loose at the top so the look was not as smooth due to that. It lifted and minimized well without making me look flat chested. I liked the wide comfort straps but not the three hook band. It might have worked in a smaller cup size if it had some light padding.The Olga Luxury Lift Minimizer had no lining, which allowed for too much show through. The cups fit well, but it had a wide three hook band and felt a bit tight. It was one of the best minimizers of the bras I tested -- if that's your main goal. In my case, it made me look too flat chested.The Bali Passion for Comfort bra (3385) also had no lining, allowing for too much show through. Like the other Bali, the cups were a bit loose at the top making it look wrinkly. It felt tighter and less comfortable than the Bali 3353. Also, it minimized a bit too much and made me look flat chested.The Vanity Fair Age Defying Lift bra was the best of the lot. It was the only one of the four that had some light padding. I didn't want any show through if I wore a t-shirt so some type of lining was essential. The straps are comfortable and the band only has two eye hooks which I prefer as opposed to the wide bands with three. The lift gives me more of a youthful silhouette and the minimizing feature makes me look trimmer without appearing flat chested. I can actually see my waist again! It is also a very smooth look -- perfect for t-shirts.