{"text": "Ok, rating any pair of jeans is a bit dangerous because what looks best on any one person is largely a function of their build. FYI, I'm 5'7\" with really short legs (30\" or even 29\" inseam) and I weigh about 180lbs. I usually buy clothes for someone with an \"athletic\" build, whatever that means. Anyway, these are my favorite pair of jeans ever. They're comfortable and soft before you even wash them, tight enough that they don't look like I bought them in 1999, but not so tight that I can't move in them comfortably, and they definitely aren't a \"skinny\" fit either. Like most people, one of my favorite things about these is that in 32-30 they just fit me absolutely perfectly the first time I put them on. Though since very few people have my particular dimensions, that may not be such a bonus for most of the people reading this. Anyway aside from what they cost, Levi's are my favorite brand of denim ever. Now the caveat: some people think this brand is still an American classic, others think its not what it used to be. The one's I own are (by current standards) quite heavy (13.5oz per yard), and will shrug off abuse that would totally destroy most designer brands (which is another reason why Levi's 514 are my favorite jeans ever). But not all Levi's are created equal. First, steer clear of the \"Levi Strauss Signature\" line carried by a certain discount retailer, these are not built to the same standard as real Levi's carried elsewhere. Second, remember when you're shopping for jeans the color matters. I know that sounds odd, but remember, the color of a particular pair of jeans isn't just the result of applying a fabric-safe dye in a particular shade. There are usually different amounts of washing and tumbling involved, and even the specific dye formula used could either determine what exact weight of denim the manufacturer uses, or else possibly effect the final state (and durability) of the fabric. In short, jeans don't really come in different colors, they come in different finishes. Levi's are especially troublesome in this regard because, as you can see just by looking at the choices offered on this page, they offer a HUGE range of different colors/finishes, and some of them look the same even though they're not. Worse still, if you buy them in the store, there may not be any info on the finish (the last time I did so, I couldn't find any on the tag). So what to do? If you're shopping in person, pinch the fabric between your thumb and index finger. I'm no expert, but I could tell that a pair of 12oz jeans were lighter than my 13.5oz Levi's the first time I tried (as in I thought the 12oz felt thinner, so I looked them up and found out they were 12oz rather than 13.5oz). Second, if you need a finish that will take a beating, when in doubt order the \"rigid\" finish. It will not be as comfortable to start with (rigid jeans will feel \"stiff\" or even \"hard\" when they're new), but \"rigid\" finish typically wears like iron. Anyway aside from the finish, you also need to find the waist rise, seat cut, thigh cut, leg opening, and of course waist and leg for you, 514's in 32-20 are mine, whether they're also yours will depend on your specific build, but Levi probably makes a cut for everyone. To me the price is high (MSRP $60), so I don't always buy these unless I can find a good sale. And no, these aren't the first name in designer fashion anymore, but in the first place, I think stuff like button-flap back pockets and \"super deconstructed pre-distressed\" denim usually looks stupid and would definitely look stupid on me. On top of that, I'd feel really stupid paying more for one pair of 7 For All Mankind jeans than I pay for a 110 thread count wool suit including the tailoring. If that sort of thing makes you happy though, who am I to judge? Just remember the $350 pair of Diesel jeans your friends are all jealous of now might be as out of place in 15 years as a pair of JNCO's. This is something else you don't have to worry about with a pair of Levi's.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.13691014", "1": "0.3375643", "2": "0.063273676", "3": "0.02495993", "4": "0.11846587", "5": "0.17436902", "6": "0.14445707"}}