{"text": "For as long as I can remember I have wanted a JANSPORT BACKPACK. In middle school everybody had them. They were great because they were lightweight, relatively inexpensive, and had just enough room for what one might need. However, growing up, who usually buys your school stuff, your parents, so that was that. Fortunately, I needed one for bicycling, (running around town or whatever, going to the mall, shopping, etc.) and finally decided to get one. The idea behind buying a YELLOW one was, (if you've ever bicycled in traffic before, then you would understand. The brighter and more visual you are, the greater your chances of being seen.This backpack appears small, but looks are deceiving. It's quite roomy, even for athletic gear, as I discovered by putting a pair of Reebok leather hi tops in the main compartment, two books, a lunch bag, and my wallet, and that was just in the main compartment! I haven't tried the smaller front compartment, but I'm sure this is just fine as well. The straps are comfortable, maybe not as comfortable as other packs, but for the price, you can't beat this one. I also love the fact too about the brighter colored packs, if you're biking in traffic on a sunny day, believe me, after trying it out, the sun will  catch the nylon in which JANSPORT backpacks are made out of, (at least the SuperBreak ones).Overall, definitely worth the money. I wouldn't recommend to somebody who has to use it every single day carrying more than 25-30lbs of books. But, if you're looking for something for college use, community college, night school, running errands, exploring, whatever along these lines, this I would recommend. I get looks when I have this on, (are people staring at the backpack because they've never seen a yellow one before or are they just in awe over it? I have no idea, as long as I'm safe & comfortable with it on me).", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.08271447", "1": "0.24919948", "2": "0.3714513", "4": "0.07227991", "5": "0.07918154", "6": "0.14314677"}}