{"text": "I have had this watch (Seiko SNP007) for well over 3 years.  It is my every day watch and has taken a significant amount of daily abuse.  Working in a factory environment, I am constantly banging and scraping it against steel containers, robots, and other miscellaneous objects.  It still looks beautiful and performs flawlessly.  The sapphire crystal doesn't have one scratch, although I did chip one little piece close to where the bezel meets the crystal with a significant impact on a sharp metal corner.  I haven't priced getting this fixed yet since it is barely noticeable. I wanted a nice watch that could be worn daily with a high class appearance, but durable enough to hold up to every day wear.  This timepiece has performed its role very well and keeps excellent time.  It only gains about 1 second every 2 months.  It is very well constructed and a bit of a heavy watch as compared to others I have owned in the past.I have only had a couple of issues with this watch which are minor in my mind.  The biggest issue I had originally was the purple gemstone in the crown.  It was rubbing on my wrist constantly and causing irritation.  I eventually developed a callus on my wrist and didn't even notice it.  The funny thing is that the gem finally fell out at one point and I didn't even notice it was missing.  I actually prefer it without the gem, since the watch is more comfortable to wear now.  The other issue I had was the date would occasionally jump or loose a day or two for the first few months I owned the watch.  (Yes, the leap year was set correctly).  Mysteriously this problem just went away and hasn't returned since.  Perhaps something internally needed a \"break in period\"?  It's been over 3 years since I've had to fix the date.  This has truly been a maintenance free watch since then.I used to buy Citizen watches, but after 3 in a row had significant problems within the 1st year, I vowed to never own another one.  Not only did I have mechanical problems with Citizens', but the crystals scratch very easy. After only a few months of every day wear, you could barely see the face of those watches.  I took a leap changing to this Seiko both by changing brand, and by going up a notch in price.  I have no regrets.  Citizen makes some decentlooking watches if you only play dress up with them. But for every day wear you will be better off with this Seiko.  This is a dress watch as well as a durable daily wear watch.  There is no doubt that this is a significant jump in quality in appearance and function.This watch still gets compliments on it's appearance even though the band does show the typical little scratches and scrapes from every day wear.  I will never own another watch that doesn't have a sapphire crystal.  If this Seiko ever dies or needs significant repair, I will buy this exact model again.  I have definitely gotten my moneys worth out of it.  I wish I had another one just for dress because this is a spectacular timepiece.  There is no way to duplicate how beautiful this watch is with any picture.  You should take time to go to a store front and see the watch for yourself, then buy it online for a lot less money.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.24549598", "1": "0.20721558", "2": "0.14990267", "3": "0.09924566", "5": "0.19351178", "6": "0.102552235"}}