{"text": "This may be the 'outdoorsy' ubergeek watch. It's big, it's ugly, but has functions to make the fattest Swiss Army Knife sit in the corner sobbing in jealousy. Overall, I like it but there are a couple of things that sound better than they are.The timepiece: Outstanding. It has HH:MM:SS DD:MMM, of course, with a year setting to avoid leap year issues. This should go without saying in a modern digital watch. Stopwatch with lap function (not that I ever use the lap function, but I'm sure someone is interested). Countdown timer that can run up to a 24 hour countdown (very easy to set). Three daily alarms. Special kudos for the alarms, this is one of the loudest watch alarms I've heard, and I've missed too many watch alarms to not appreciate this.The Altimeter: largely eye candy, but kind of neat. Over four days, my bedroom went from 100m above sea level to 25 m below sea level (by the maps, about 40m ASL). Not surprising because it is driven by the barometer, and I never recalibrated it, but a graphic demonstration of the importance of calibrating it when you want/need it.The Barometer: Yup, it's a barometer. The part I like is the little display that shows the rising/falling trend, especially as this is always active (even in normal 'time' mode).The Thermometer: Take the watch off to get an accurate reading as the sensor is too close to the wrist.The compass: Easily the best 'special' feature. Accurate, precise (enough for orienteering, not for surveying), easy to use. It can be programmed for a declination, but knowing me, I'd forget to reset it, so I do declination the hard way. The sighting notches are small but servicable. The spirit level bubble is unique among digital watch compasses to Suunto, and greatly enhances accuracy and confidence in the compass. An outstanding wrist compass.The package: Big. Really, really big. But the controls are very easy to use and seem fairly resistant to accidental button pressing (a problem for me with other watches). The battery has a shortish (12-18 month) life, but has a hatch, so you don't need to take it to a jeweller to get it replaced without ruining the water resistance. The display has large characters and high contrast to the back ground, and the display light is just right, readible, even, and glare free, but not an emergency flashlight. Personally, I'm going to swap the resin band for a velcro strap, but the stock strap isn't bad, just not great.Overall, not a watch for the office or a suit but very good as a watch, compass and barometer, and about what you could expect as a thermometer and altimeter. Well designed, thought-out, and manufactured, but really big.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.1179839", "1": "0.13600098", "2": "0.26626742", "3": "0.1262331", "4": "0.120800115", "5": "0.07711497", "6": "0.15559953"}}