{"text": "This is THE classic authentic Seiko dive watch, and along with the Rolex Submariner, this is the most influential dive watch out there in terms of both style and function. It has day/date (in both English and Spanish, there are also versions with other languages including Japanese).The unidirectional bezel clicks with quiet reliability. The bezel is easy to use underwater, by the way, and the hands and hour markers are easily read in all light conditions, both on land and underwater. They glow in the dark for between about four and five hours, in my experience, after coming in out of the sun.This is not a pretentious or ostentatious watch in any way, and it's not a 'big' watch by current standards. It comes on a simple and sturdy rubber diver's band. Personally I wear mine on a nylon strap, or on a stainless 'mesh' style strap that I personally find more comfortable than the factory band. But if you like a black rubber band, this one is attractive, durable, and it does the job. This exact watch is also available, for a few dollars more, with a stainless metal clasp band. I don't care for those personally. But if you do, the factory Seiko stainless band is pretty nice...it also does the job, seems pretty durable, and isn't overly heavy.These are famously durable. I've had mine about four years now, I wear it frequently outdoors in ll kinds of activities, I never baby it or worry about it, and it still looks 99% new--only a determined jeweler's search with a strong magnifier would show up the tiny, almost invisible wear marks on the case and crystal.These are rated to 200 meters, which is deeper than any human diver is ever going to go. I've taken mine to 120 feet with no problem. I trust this watch completely. It's tough, and can take it.If you're debating a 'first' dive watch, I would say go with this Seiko. As a real diver, I have acquired a number of real dive watches over the years, and this Seiko is my favorite, for all the reasons above. It just works, it does the job, and it does it well.It's also very reasonably priced. I found mine online shipped for around $180, and I continue to see them at around that price today. It definitely pays to shop around.You may or may not ever decide to 'trade up' to a more expensive dive watch, but I wouldn't be surprised if you decide to keep your original Seiko and continue to wear it. This watch really grows on you.Lots of great info and user threads on this watch on the various online watch forums. Google them and see. There's a whole subculture/cottage industry of DIY modifications with this watch as well.Important tip:When you are comparison shopping, make sure you are getting a genuine Seiko from a genuine Seiko dealer, not what is called a 'grey market' Seiko sold (or re-sold) by unauthorized third parties. Those 'grey market' watches may be OK, or they may be seconds, refurbished (without Seiko's involvement), counterfeits, or who knows what. Either way, they probably won't come with any warranty that Seiko will recognize. So definitely make sure you are dealing with a licensed Seiko dealer (you can verify with Seiko on Seiko's website).Interestingly, these watches hold their resale value really well. If you buy your Seiko around the price I suggest, you can usually resell it for a good price. Some people keep all their original box and documentation to increase their resale. Definitely register your watch with Seiko for warranty coverage.Summary: Great dive watch. Solid, reliable, well designed. Available around $180, shipped, through genuine Seiko dealers.Hope this is helpful. Dive safe, everybody", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.021663604", "1": "0.2889671", "2": "0.16702084", "3": "0.13682477", "4": "0.19607611", "5": "0.10513252", "6": "0.08431508"}}