{"text": "Seiko's SKX781 \"Orange Monster\" is achieving cult status among automatic sports watch collectors and avid SCUBA divers. Along with a similar style in black, Model SKX 779 (Black Monster) and the 300 lucky owners who collected a limited edition \"Yellow Monster\" some years ago - Seiko has produced a classic sports watch for the ages.Even those who collect automatic sports watches or chronographs that cost into 4 figures view this watch as a MUST HAVE for their collections (along with the Invicta Pro series dive watches). Like my commuter car Toyota RAV4 - a \"beater\" for everyday travel to the office - a \"beater\" watch with style, elegance, color and practicality for $200 or less is a rare find. This is a watch that makes a clear statement on your wrist!As an avid SCUBA diver - a water resistant watch to 660 feet is almost a standard when looking for dive watch purchase features. When the stainless steel band has a triple lock, a deployment clasp for wetsuit, softly rounded comfortable links coupled to a massive free uni-directioinal rotating bezel - most of us take notice. Combined with a \"flamethrower\" glow in the dark dial - beautiful orange face and overall massive sculpted stainless steel case - you have a winner.The WOW factor on this time piece is way up there. This watch is not Seiko of America standard stockage - but must be dealer ordered from Seiko Japan or Gray market wholesaled from Japan or Singapore dealers. It is also made for the China and Far East Market from a Seiko factory in Singapore. Both Japanese and Singapore factories turn out highest quality timepieces. Amazon's vendor sponsor - where I bought my watch - charges a fair price and has provided excellent service (sent me the Japanese factory made model).The day, date feature (\"complication\") is clearly readable without the \"Rolex\" type magnifier bubble (aka \"cyclops\"). The 42mm stainless steel case (43mm with crown), uni-directional bezel can be joined either with a stainless steel bracelet or a rubber strap. The bracelet is a 70.00+ separate order item - while the Seiko rubber strap is only a $25-30 saving when choosing your order. Make no mistake - this is an imposing timepiece. Many prefer the Black (Monster) version as the orange dial is an aquired taste for some of us.Internally- the 7S26 automatic movement is the one found in all styles of the under $300 Seiko diver watch model range. While not Seiko's premier automatic watch movement - it is a tried and true lifetime (with proper service) movement. It has a smaller than average weighted rotor - can be immediately charged with just a few brisk shakes before mounting on your wrist - and can be put on all watch winders to keep it fully charged and ready to wear. This movement - to save money in manufacturing - cannot be manually wound. Day date must be adjusted on all months not 31 days long. Use of plastic day/date internal rotors are self lubricating and will stand a lifetime of wear. Any criticism of the watch can be found in this area - the mechanism taking up to 3 hours to change the day/date at midnight.Possible downside of this watch:1. NOT a quartz - but a spring wound auto-wind.2. Thick and heavy - not suitable to all folks who like a THIN, light watch. Tough to fit under a shirt cuff - unless you're a pirate.3. Not Seiko's most precise auto-wind movement. Still - a tried and true reliable performer - but not a chronograph time keeper.4. Crystal \"Hardlex\" watch face not as scratch resistant as Sapphire watch face from dive watch competitors (such as Invicta).5. Can't manually wind movement (as in Invicta 8926 series).Available from Amazon vendors (where I purchased mine) or other US dealers - prices vary $40 or more. Gray Market from Hong Kong or Singapore may save you up to $80 from authorized US dealers - but may present the owner with warranty and service acceptance problems from authorized Seiko repair facilities here in the states should something go wrong.[I'm a contributing member of InvictaTalk.com, InvictaWatchForum.com, and TimeTechTalk.com and invite all affordable watch lovers to learn more about Seko, Citizen, Invicta and other fine watches sold on Amazon.com]", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.054340705", "1": "0.053249113", "2": "0.35981575", "3": "0.16839065", "4": "0.12167665", "5": "0.08375935", "6": "0.15876773"}}