{"text": "I wrote a full review over on the Caveman Watch Forum, for those interested, but here is a short one, since most people will never even get this far into the reviews. ;)This watch is of surprising quality for the modest price. You WILL pay more than a typical Casio with the same feature set, because it has a solid stainless steel case, back, and buckle. None of this chrome-plated crap like Timex likes to put out these days.Although the watch is pretty big, at 45mm diameter, not including the crown, it fits my 6-7/8\" wrist fine. There are other models that have dial/hands combos that offer better contrast than this one, but this one is a little more dressy and unique, with its gold dial.I've uploaded some of my pix, for your viewing pleasure.Update, 2014-06-24: This continues to be a great watch. I just changed the battery on it two days ago, and it does seem to last a couple of years.Casio has now released a solar/atomic version of this watch, the WVA320, but it will cost substantially more. It also has a dot matrix LCD now, and a nice strong LED light that brightly lights up the entire watch face. Too bad they still omitted the countdown timer!Buyers should be aware there are now several different color options for this watch. Gold dial has a bit of flash, while still looking rugged. There's also black and blue dialed-ones, as well as a black-dialed one that has yellow and green markers. Note also that there are versions with round and triangular markers (like this one) and others with rectangular markers.The luminous material on the hour markers is garbage. They should have used the same lume they used on the hands, which is better than the material that Seiko uses on any watch costing less than $200.One other thing Casio could do to improve this watch is to raise the bezel just a little, so it's high enough to protect the mineral crystal from glancing blows that tend to cause scratches.Another thing, probably not cost-effective at this point in time, would be to design the movement so that it sits off to the side, so it would allow the use of a bigger battery. As it is, the movement only takes up about half of the volume of the case. Wouldn't it be nice to have this same feature set, but with a 10 year battery life? (since so many of you are destroying these watches during bi-annual battery changes ;) )Anyway, this is still a great watch. Just don't let some ham-fisted person change the battery, and you'll be OK. I recommend buying a set of basic watch tools ($8) and a decent caseback opener, ($20?) a stereo head mounted magnifier ($30?) and learning to do it yourself. You'll save yourself and your family SO much money on battery changes.A couple tips, when you put the back and movement spacer back on this watch after a battery change:a) Make sure the tiny gold spring in the middle of the movement sticks up through the movement spacer. If this is not making good electrical contact with the caseback, you'll lose all beeping ability of the watch.b) Make sure the two leaf springs also make contact with the caseback.c) Make sure the buttons are BEHIND the nylon springs that are integral with the movement spacer, or your buttons won't work either.d) When you replace the back, make sure it isn't cross-threaded in, or you'll get it fogged up or drowned. It's possible that some moisture comes in through the buttons, but I doubt it, or it wouldn't be able to be rated for 100m water resistance.e) When you replace the caseback lube the O-ring with some \"nose grease.\" This is your skin oil that tends to build up in the crack of the side your nose, where your nose meets your face. It's just enough lubricity to make a good water seal. Of course, a tiny bit of silicone grease is preferable, if you have it.f) Plan on replacing that O-ring every 5-10 years, to maintain waterproofness.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.15874036", "1": "0.12212621", "2": "0.20702879", "3": "0.14115614", "4": "0.11713473", "5": "0.102087036", "6": "0.15172671"}}