{"text": "I had been wearing the big \"D\" boots for years, in particular the striker series.  They changed them, two more times from the original, and their last iteration was impossible to wear.  Seriously, those boots is all I ever wore, work, home, beach, etc.  Trying things like the popular \"C\" shoes, sneaks, etc. all gave my feet major problems even with orthotics.  I'm as flat footed as they come, so this is always an issue and thus why I wear orthotics.Fast forward and I did a lot of research on boots.  I had thought of trying a more common name in uniform boots, but wanted to try these because of the good reviews.  These turned out to be an awesome find.  I know that I was wearing an 11 EE in the big \"D\" and so I ordered the 11.5 EE (wide) in the Timberlands and that turned out to be a good idea.  Their sizes run a tad small and definitely not as wide.  Timberlands EE is more narrow than the big \"D\" EE.  Since they don't make an even wider size, I'll make due.  And the leather will surely stretch, it always does.The quality of these is amazing.  They have a great build quality, seems to be very comfortable though I have just started wearing them today.  They do accommodate an orthodic, but not as well as some other wide boots may.  Either way I have been wearing them since USPS delivered today (SUNDAY) and they feel good.  This is a first, never had a pair of shoes or boots that I could wear the whole day and not have aching feet.The only real problem  I see is that this size is sold out everywhere.  Even Amazon.  I can only hope they are not discontinued, that would be awful and would have to start searching all over again for something that fits and works with my feet.  I even tried a pair of Timberland White Ledge or something, 11 EE, and those are being returned.  They are not wide enough, not long enough, and they cut down across the top of my foot no matter how loose I make them.  My goal is just to buy enough of these to have on hand as the others wear, to go into a new pair.  I figure a pair of boots, worn all day and night, might last 9 months-1 year, if I get more that is great.  But a year is a good plan even per my foot doctor as they wear down over that year.If you like brown, or you can find these in your size, go for it.  They are awesome boots and feel very comfortable, even on someone who has major foot issues with fit/comfort/etc.  I've written to Timberland to see what their future plans are for this model.UPDATE:  After about a week, my feet could not be happier.  They are working out well.  In fact, much better than my previous brand boot that I was wearing for 7-10 years.  I would buy 2 new pairs of those other brand boots each year.  I'd wear a pair to work, then come home and get changed, and wear the other.  And after a year, they were both worn down pretty bad.  I'd know because my knees would start hurting.  So, I can only hope these hold up as well.....so far, so good.  Bad part is these are on backorder until October, 2014 per Timberland.  (in black)", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.24943522", "1": "0.28461164", "2": "0.08615454", "3": "0.087060675", "4": "0.13054281", "5": "0.118268475", "6": "0.043926615"}}