{"text": "I've owned (and still own) more Birkenstock brand footwear than any other.  Over 30 years ago, I ordered my first pair because no one within a reasonable distance to my home sold them.  There was a time when Birkenstocks were so rare that someone familiar with them would stop me on the street to ask about them and relay their own story of how much they liked their own Birkenstocks.I still have that first pair of Birkenstock sandles--Milano style in brown smooth leather--they've been resoled since then and they're still in great condition.  After buying the Milano style, I tried a pair of the Arizonas and found them to be even more to my liking.  I have tried other sandal styles as well as several styles of Birkenstock shoes.  There have been a few Birkenstock styles that didn't suit me very well--the Zurich sandals rub my toes and are uncomfortable on my feet, another style sandal wore out prematurely due to placement of the straps (it was discontinued a couple of decades ago) and one style of shoe had poorly designed eyelets that were infuriating to try to lace (that one has also been discontinued).  Of all the Birkis I've owned, the Arizona sandal has been my favorite.  But not the suede Arizonas.  The suede leather in the Arizona is very soft and does not hold a shape.  I find it difficult to slip my feet into them without having to hold open the straps.  Other materials--leather, nubuck or Birkenstock synthetic--are better for slipping your sandals on and off.People unfamiliar with Birkenstocks are often critical of them.  Sometimes someone tries on a pair in a big department store and say they're not comfortable.  This usually is due to not trying the proper size.  Go to the Birkenstock website and look at the chart.  Don't go by a store's chart, even Amazon's.  Most of them are incorrect.  Once you get the proper size and width (Regular is for medium to wide feet, Narrow is for...yeah, narrow), you are well on the way.Another criticism is that the shoes are too stiff and hard.  There are two reasons for this.  The first being the design of the footbed to fit the natural contours of the foot.  Most shoes have inadequate arch support and that hump inside the Birkenstock footbed can be a shock to someone whose feet have never felt a properly fitting shoe.  The second reason is that the footbed and sole material are both stiff when new but quickly soften up with wear.  After a short while the sole begins to flex and the footbed starts to conform to the shape of the individual foot.  Once really broken in to your feet, most people find them the most comfortable shoe they've ever worn.Of course, some find them unattractive.  Okay, that's a fair criticism but it's subjective.  I like them.  Don't make snide remarks about my Birkis and I won't tell you what I really think about your politics, religion or your hideously ugly off spring.:-)I have several pairs of Arizonas that are in various stages of excess wear.  They can be repaired.  Today there are a number of shoe repair shops online and in brick and mortar shops that can repair the cork or replace the whole footbed, footbed liner and sole.  I've had a couple of pair repaired in the past and I've done some home repair with glue.  But now I usually just keep the old and beat-up pairs for knocking around the house, doing normal household chores.I have work boots for work projects.  I have dressy shoes for dressy affairs.  I have athletic shoes for athletic endeavors.  I have old sneakers for yard work.  I have Birkenstock sandals for every other activity.  There is no more comfortable footwear made.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.18340449", "1": "0.14332692", "2": "0.102515146", "3": "0.2988733", "4": "0.11902342", "5": "0.09307375", "6": "0.05978301"}}