{"text": "I recently decided to challenge myself and start running, possibly training for a marathon and eventually sprint triathlons.  I needed a watch that would help keep track of my mile pace and split times and would have never thought I would go back to an LCD screen watch!  Based upon all the Amazon reviews, they are all on spot so I will try not to repeat what everyone else has already covered, but what was important to me.It's funny to say, but I actually had to read the instructions to acclimate myself, going back to the dinosaur ages of using buttons that have multiple functions!  We are so spoiled with color touch screens that are intuitive and easy to use.  Re-learning how to use this watch brought me back to my childhood days when I used to wear a Casio G-shock chronograph watch!  Needless to say, the learning curve is short.I guess I will touch up upon the 100 memory function.  Every time you use the chronograph and track your split times, you have the option to save that particular workout for future reference.  For example.  On 9-10-11, I ran 3 miles, each mile I pushed the split/start button, the watch counts that as lap 1 and records your time.  When you are done, PUSH THE BUTTON THAT SAYS STOP.  Not the split/start button!  You save the workout and can go back to it based upon the date.  3 laps = 3 units of memory and the watch will indicate 97 memory (remaining).  When you review your 10-10-11 workout, you can view your lap 1-3 split times, it will give you your best time, and will automatically average your 3 laps.  I never thought I would use this feature, however if you run often and want to track your progress, I think it's a great feature.  My one gripe about using the split/start button is, it's not a distinct click, it's soft and mushy even though I have my watch beep when pressing buttons, I can't always hear it.  It could be my particular watch, but every time I use the split button I look at my watch to make sure it worked.The big display size is important to me because I want to focus on running instead of trying to squint and figure out what my pace time is.  You do have the option of switching your split and total time on your display....meaning your pace time can be where the time reads (larger numbers), and your total time is where the date reads (smaller numbers).  It just depends on what is more important to you.  The indiglo flix system lets you flick your wrist and the indiglo light turns on for a brief 3 seconds.  I found this very convenient not to use your other hand to turn on the light while running.  I wish Timex could figure out a similar way to do a one handed split.  I have read that the indiglo doesn't last too long -- about 1 year, but I guess it depends on how often it is used.  Hopefully that isn't the case.Overall, this watch is simplistic in form but functions very well as a training tool and as an everyday watch!  I enjoy using it and I hope it lasts a very long time.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.03664442", "1": "0.14564954", "2": "0.19470784", "3": "0.22506306", "4": "0.10681296", "5": "0.029257864", "6": "0.2618643"}}