{"text": "I've always enjoyed a good harness boot.  Ever since I was in high school harness boots have completed the look for me, and many others.  Sure you could spend a lot of money on an expensive pair of sneakers, but you will never get the same durability, style and fashion sense that you will get out of a good pair of harness boots -- and let me tell you, these Frye boots are *GOOD*, in fact I'd say they are the best harness boots I've worn in my 20 years of wearing boots!I was a Durango guy tried and true for many years until they decided to ship production of their boots to China.  When they did that I decided to shop around and see who was still making boots in the USA, and came across Frye after talking to several friends.  I bought a pair last June and here we are in December and these boots have been with me through sun, rain and snow.  I've worn them to work, to social gatherings and on vacation.  They have stood up after being worn repeatedly and still look almost as good as the day I got them (a little wear on them, but then again most guys will tell you -- harness boots look BETTER when they have been \"broken in\").If you have a husband, boyfriend, secret lover on the side and are looking for a gift for them that they can not only enjoy wearing, but look good in, then look no further.  The American craftsmanship has turned out an excellent harness boot that will last for years.  If your guy is a jeans guy then I guarantee you that this is the perfect \"fit\" for them.These boots tend to be just a tad bit snug, so I recommend you go a 1/2 size larger for most guys.  In fact I normally wear a size 12, but I actually ended up going with the 13s and love them -- I think they fit me perfectly.  If I had to recommend a color, it would be dark brown for the win.  After owning the dark brown ones for about 3 months I ended up buying another pair in black, but the dark brown color can go with so many more different outfits than the black ones.  The black ones do go very well with a pair of semi-bleached jeans, though, in my opinion.As far as comfort after wearing them all day I find these guys really deliver in that area too.  Be warned that as you break them in for the first few wears you will need to take it slow -- they will be a tad bit uncomfortable.  Let the leather and boot mold to your feet and don't expect to just throw these on the first day they arrive and then go out for a night on the town.  Not going to happen -- you'll be in a lot of pain if you try that.  Wear them for an hour or two, then gradually keep wearing them longer and longer for the first week or two.A good looking, stylish boot that is made in the America -- what every guy should have in his wardrobe.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.22545989", "2": "0.11757498", "3": "0.17377108", "4": "0.2222216", "5": "0.19848256", "6": "0.06035303"}}