{"text": "These clogs rock. I've been needing some spring/summer shoes that aren't sandals, and got the lime green ones as a warehouse deal. I couldn't be more pleased on all levels. Because it was a deal, I had to order two sizes up because it was the only pair at that price, and they are a little large, but not that much so. This brand runs small, and I would have ordered one size up anyway. So I definitely recommend going up one size, especially if you have wider feet. If you have narrow feet, then you'd probably do okay ordering your regular size. The band that goes across the vamp of the shoe is very loose--however, it does keep my foot in place as I walk. So, they don't feel tight when I'm sitting down, yet feel secure when I'm moving around. It also means I can wear socks with these in cooler weather and they'll be comfortable.I can't say enough about the brand! The leather is beautiful--thick and richly colored, very well made and the soles are really sturdy. These will last me until I'm a little old lady :-) The shoes are SO comfortable--there's a liner that totally molds to my feet and gives great arch support, and a special pad especially for cushioning the heel area. The attention to detail and style of these is really hard to beat--they're playful, fun, and the company is incredible. Check out their website!I feel spoiled rotten in these, and will have an extremely difficult time going back to cheaper shoes. Luckily, I won't have to because AMAZON ROCKS!!!! Check out their warehouse deals and you won't be sorry. I received these a day early, the packaging was immaculate, and even though these were listed as \"good\" and not \"very good\" condition, they came in the original box with tags in place. The El Naturalista backpack was even included! There are some glue marks on one of the shoes where the leather meets the sole, but for the price I paid, they aren't going anywhere except in my closet or on my feet. Thanks Amazon, you really made my day with these!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.0722347", "1": "0.2903836", "2": "0.14884415", "3": "0.33810884", "4": "0.14530234"}}