{"text": "Went to Nordstrom's to search for boots.  Wanted to try something new (i.e., boots) and these seemed very masculine.  And apparently popular with women.  Better yet, still made in the USA.The beginning comfort is amazing for boots.  Five stars because of the price.  Other, smaller boots at Nordstroms cost much more.Nordstrom seems to be discontinuing the 12R harness models and coming out with a shorter, more expensive, and harder to put on boot.  Get these, not those --- they're better and THE Classic.  Nordstrom did have a size 9 Medium at 30% off.  An excellent price.  It seemed a little long for me but gorgeous in chestnut.  So, I just ordered and received an 8 1/2 Wide gaucho color pair (which seems to be the famous color). It only took one day to arrive at the house from another vendor (free shipping).  Neither with tax.My first thought is that the 8 1/2 W fits me better and is harder to find.  And it should stretch with time. Then again, the Chestnut looks sharper with a sort of shiny brown, black toe (I might change my mind with time). It's actually easier to put on and off (neither has been broken in yet).  I'm leaning towards the gaucho as most seem to prefer it and it fits like a glove and should get even better with time.  Interestingly, the size 9 Chestnut has an extra watch band type piece of leather in the back which allows one to loosen the boot to ease putting it on and off.Either one of these is an American Classic and, of course, comfort and correct size should be key.  The Wide boots are definitely available --- although not at some stores, including Nordstrom.Buy one in case they discontinue it or change it or increase the price.  Given the quality, that they're benchmade, and the amount of leather, get these now!Nothing goes better with jeans.  And, if you're short, they effortlessly, comfortably and elegantly add an inch to your height.These will last a long time and become winter wear for me for years (I don't yet know if they would be hot in the summer.)  The chestnut is a shinier leather and heavier while the gaucho is more like a lighter weight suede.  Neither is lined.  Great for a motorcycle (compared to sneakers).  Even better for fashion, dependability and pride of ownership.  I supect women will like these as much as I do.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.07286109", "1": "0.25650075", "2": "0.11652518", "3": "0.1265806", "4": "0.20404279", "5": "0.15697968", "6": "0.06650997"}}