{"text": "This bag is the BEST! After wearing out a cheap canvas bag from another company, I knew it was time for something new. I saw this on Amazon and decided, after researching other options, to buy this bag. I'm so glad I did! It fits all my needs perfectly. It goes everywhere with me and is my purse, diaper bag, church bag, dance bag, and goes with me to work where it holds my lunch on the way. If you're a woman who wears a lot of hats like I do but doesn't want to change bags several times a day, this bag is for you. I'm thinking of customizing it with flair, patches, or ribbons sometime to really put my mark on it. (I do think most of the colors would work for men too.)This bag is sturdy. The canvas is THICK, and with the extra layer of canvas on the bottom of the bag, I don't think it can ever wear out! The seams are all double-stitched. The straps are several times thicker than the canvas and are some kind of weaved, soft, but sturdy material. The bag is larger than I thought it would be, but like one reviewer said, I feel like I can carry everything I need without injuring anybody around me. And, I'd rather have a bag that had a little extra room in the top than a bag that gets stuffed.  At first when the bag seemed a little too large, I stuffed the top corners into the bag toward the handles, and it changed the shape of the bag enough to really make it look smaller. That said, I NEED all that space at times as I go from work to dance to a family activity (diaper bag), etc. With all this, my bag is never heavy.I ordered three different colors, and this is where I dropped one star from a perfect rating. The way I ordered, two colors came from one seller, and one came from another. Thus, the packages arrived at two different times, and shipping was specified for each seller. I wish the process had been a little easier with this, but I'd do it all again for the way this bag has suited my lifestyle.It's important to me to have a washable bag. I have not washed my bag yet, but I have heavily used it for a month, and it still looks like new. It felt a little stiff when coming from the package, but it's soft once you put stuff into it. If my bag fades in the first washing, I'll be sure to update this review, but I seriously doubt it as it has never rubbed onto anything. Otherwise, consider these bags practically perfect.I bought a red bag for someone who will be doing some extended traveling overseas (as a day bag), and the denim color as a gift for someone who needs a big diaper bag soon. The colors are great. The red is not quite as vibrant as the picture shows, but it's still nice. The blue and gray hues are accurate. I ordered gray for myself, and it is a color that will suit any season or venue, really. I keep all my small purse-y things in a separate small, zippered clutch purse that can be found easily in the big space of the bag with all the other things I have to keep on me.I will probably order a few more to use for various purposes. You can't go wrong with this bag! Enjoy!", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.041869592", "1": "0.36533752", "2": "0.12041946", "3": "0.090338126", "4": "0.11338356", "5": "0.15069629", "6": "0.117955424"}}