{"text": "Jan. 19 - Just a brief note: As I said in the original review, this watch doesn't have a second hand. However, it does have 5-second increments around the dial. WHY? There is no possible way to use them. My only thought is that the dial is used for another Casio as well.And, btw, I was absolutely right: This is MUCH easier to read than the same watch with the white face. The white/silver hands just stand out more with a black face.I gave this watch to me today, the day before Christmas. My excitement was underwhelming, but the watch was more than satisfactory. An explanation is in order. First, my 45 year old Rolex has finally given up, and the cost of repairs would be around $1,400!!! I have a Timex for puttering around in, but it's about 20 years old, and so it seemed time to treat myself. However, I'm more practical than I was 45 years ago. Being sort-of retired, my biggest problem is remembering what day it is. No kidding. When you retire and your wife is also semi-retired, and TV shows are no longer on specific nights or they're on every night, the only day I'm sure of is Friday because everybody's garbage goes on on Thursday. So, my criteria was that I wanted a watch that told the day, date, and time. This Men's Ana-Digi Watch filled the bill. It seems to keep time well enough, and I'm willing to accept a minute or two variation in a day (used to be that I wanted it to be within a minute a month).I read other reviews. I agree with the one person who said that the band is waaaay to big. I took it to the key shop across the street, and they took out two links, and it now fits my skinny wrist.The date is big enough. However, it is difficult to read at night, even with the light. The light is yellow; the face is black; it just doesn't show up that well. My bigger disappointment is that it doesn't have a second hand which in a way, on an analog watch is like it's heartbeat, the thing that tells you it's still working. (The photo of the watch on the produce page looks like there's a second hand sweeping just above the 6.)But for $20 bucks, you really can't go wrong. If you want something that looks like a Tag or a Rolex, then get a Tag or a Rolex. If you can't afford it, then what's wrong with a Casio that keeps as good time as the high priced stuff. Make believe it's white gold. Besides, it really is comfortable. I like the light weight, and I don't want to wear a wall clock on my wrist. It seems that you have two choices today: something the size of Big Ben on your wrist, or taking your smart phone out of your pocket to see what time it is. Now, that's just plain silly. You might as well go over to a stranger and ask if he has the time. Then he can get out his phone or try to lift his arm. Wait a few years: pocket watches are making a comeback.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.045005344", "2": "0.24699435", "3": "0.21918675", "4": "0.10573234", "5": "0.040591154", "6": "0.34009925"}}