{"text": "After reading the rave reviews for this bra, I thought \"This is it!  THE bra I've been looking for!\"  I am not a plus sized woman, I am average height and weight, maybe even on the smaller side body-wise.  But I have (unfortunately) been endowed with breasts that are much too large for my frame.  So I have been looking for a supportive bra that has a large cup size but still a small enough band size.After using the instructions on the manufacturer website, I ordered a cup size larger what I normally wear (F instead of DDD/E) and the band size 36.  When I attempted to try this bra on when it arrived today, I could barely breath after fastening it.  It was SO tight.  Plus, the cup size was at least TWO sizes too small.  I have at least 30 other bras of a dozen manufacturers and the one thing they have in common is the cup size, which is DDD and 36 band.  The cup size always makes me have a uniboob, so I decided with this one, to order a size up.  Well, I ended up with FOUR breasts after trying this one (six if you count the way it squished my skin together in the back, very unflattering).  So, apparently, according to this bra company, I wear what, a G cup?  And what band size - 38?  40?  No idea.  I just know that this didn't fit, was terribly scratchy and didn't even look like the photo (the black tag was missing).  It pulled on my shoulders and caused immediate pain.  So, back in the bag and it's already dropped of to return via UPS.  This was the first bra I've bought by Glamorise and I guess this brand won't work for me either. :(Why is it so difficult for bra manufacturers to make a soft, comfortable bra with good support, wider straps, a wider back (so you don't get back boobs) and a full and complete cup?  Plus size bras are way too big in the band, regular size bras don't come in a big enough cup size.  I guess the only option is to visit a plastic surgeon and make our bodies conform to the fashion world instead of the other way around.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.20932116", "1": "0.083055966", "3": "0.5411808", "4": "0.0744095", "6": "0.08755437"}}