{"text": "This past December my wallet was stolen, and I've been on the hunt for a suitable replacement ever since...I am SUPER picky about wallets, going through at least five the last time I was in the market, I was continually dissatisfied, until I found the perfect wallet (the one that was stolen!). Since I wasn't able to track down the exact version of my stolen wallet, I went on a search, scouring every store's inventory, only to be totally disappointed at the selection. After searching for a few months, I found this wallet online, and it looked like it might fit the bill. I've bought other wallets online, and been very disappointed, so I sat on it for a week or so, trying to find something local that I could see and touch in person...but I finally submitted my order, received this wallet, and I'm SO happy I did!!I purchased the violet wallet, and the color is very pretty (true to the color pictured). My wallet doesn't appear to have &#34;scratches&#34; as some other posters have indicated, however, there is a very weird smell to to the leather. I don't care for the smell, but I can't send it back because it's perfect in every other way. I have spritzed a hanky with my favorite perfume, and tucked it in the large pocket... hopefully that will chase away the weird smell. (it's kind of a plastic-chemical smell, belch!)  -- I should add, I'm rather smell sensitive, so this might not be a problem for most people.The clasps are super easy to open/close and they form a tight seal so nothing slips out. I use the side with the zippered pocket for dollars and cents, and the other side for business cards, credit cards, etc. and I love that I also have the large zipper pocket to store my phone, lipstick, car key, etc. if I want to go without a purse.I feel like the metal is very sturdily attached to the leather. I haven't tugged or pulled on it, but I did inspect it closely when I received it due to some negative feedback about a problem of the metal separating from the leather... seems SUPER sturdy and well made to me.The magnet is really strong, so it just closes easily, and remains closed. The fold is perfect, as one side is higher than the other, and it automatically closes like that each time. I like it because I'm already used to the higher/lower sides, and know which holds money, and which holds cards.I really love this wallet... thanks so much for a great product!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.08834602", "1": "0.1303269", "2": "0.23339278", "3": "0.19712003", "4": "0.093734875", "5": "0.21140113", "6": "0.04567829"}}