{"text": "I recommend this backpack carseat travel bag to other parents constantly. It is so hard to maneuver toddlers in a stroller, all of the luggage and the children's carseats through the airport and I find this bag to be the perfect solution. Both my husband and I wear one of these carseat backpacks on our backs through the airport with our toddler's carseats in them. This leaves us hands free for one person to wheel the carry on suitcases while the other one pushes the tots in the double stroller through the airportTravel tips:- you can store extra items with the carseats in these travel bags! I usually include a bag of diapers, , extra jackets, blankets, and stuffed toys for the kids on top of the carseat in the bag so that I don't have to overload my carry on luggage with it. Just be sure that the extra items that you store with the travel bag are light enough so that it does not add a lot of extra weight to the backpack and hurt your back as you wear it through the airport. As long as I just include some light clothing items and some diapers along with the carseat in this bag, as a woman, I have no problem carrying the weight of the bag through the airport.- If you aren't gate checking your carseat in this bag you can also take it onto the plane. Just remove the carseat for use, and simply fold the bag in half and put it in the overhead bin containing the few extra items (clothes, diapers etc) that you put inside it. I find this to be so helpful as it is often difficult to find places in carry on luggage for everyone's jackets, extra toys and changes of clothing that you want to have handy during the flight.- Though most carseats fit in this bag with no problems, some oddly shaped carseats, like the Safety First Air do not fit in this bag because the wings by the headrest of the carseat stick out too far for the bag to be zippered closed. However, although we have a Safety First Air seat, we still use this travel bag with it by zipping the bag up as far as it will go around the carseat and by using a bungee cord around the travel bag to ensure that it doesn't fall out of the bag when we wear it through the airport. (However, I would only do this  bungee cord solution to wear the bag as a backpack through the airport. I would not trust gate checking or checking as luggage the carseat in this bag with only the bungee cord to hold the seat in the bag).We have used two of these travel bags for countless trips and have had no problems with the bag ripping or getting holes. The travel bag is also  very well padded on the inside and it has protected our carseats from any damage through countless trips. Our toddlers sleep so much better on the plane in their carseats and without these backpack travel bags I have no idea how we would manage to get the children, carry on bags and two carseats through the airport and onto the plane. I am usually asked once per trip to the airport where I got these bags by other parents who are struggling horribly  to carry their carseats and luggage through the airport. I cannot recommend them highly enough!", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.13441509", "2": "0.33666217", "3": "0.11926206", "4": "0.19215399", "5": "0.15919769", "6": "0.05595471"}}