{"text": "I am glad Amazon allows returns on these shoes. I ordered my regular size and taking the advice of the keenfootwear site I also ordered a half size larger than I normally wear as their website advised that this style runs about half size small. I have a pair of 8.5 Keen leather shoes that I like very much so that is my usual size. The size 9 in these sandals fits me better than the 8.5 in this style sandal. I don't want the sandal to be super snug on my foot. I measured the 9 sandal against my 8.5 leather Keen and they are the same length and width. The 8.5 sandal is smaller than my 8.5 Keen leather shoe. The foot bed on the sandal seems to provide some arch support and I love the nice wide toe box. It also has a little give to it so it does not feel hard under my foot. I am looking forward to wearing sandals that protect my toes and also cover them from view. My toenails are not my best feature. I noticed that my doctor wears these sandals all of year round in her office so I thought I would give them a try. Her foot was injured when her horse stepped on it (she was wearing riding boots at the time, not sandals obviously) and she told me these Keen sandals are the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn even with the residual pain and damage to her foot. I have flat feet and bunions so I figured I would give these a try. I love my Keen leather shoes so I expect these sandals to become favorites as well. I like the fact that they can be worn in the water as I am often walking in creeks with my dogs and also have to walk over rocky ground down to the lake to swim. Keen brand shoes are so comfortable you can forget that you are even wearing shoes and that is how shoes should feel, completely comfortable. I love Keens and I am grateful that Amazon will allow me to purchase two sizes and return the size that did not fit as well. Amazon seems to understand that buying shoes online is hit or miss and there are going to be returns. With Prime membership the return shipping is free. Gotta love that!", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.2291835", "2": "0.18616062", "3": "0.15459637", "4": "0.19520392", "6": "0.23023178"}}