{"text": "Just received this watch today from Amazon and let me say that I am very picky about watches and bought this watch for 2 reasons:Bought this because TIMEX watch is my favorite brand, and it lasts and lasts! I am going from past experiences both windup Timex watches and also Quartz Timex watches. I still have a 1985 Quartz that is still going, no light in this one this is why I bought this watch and also because it is an EASY READER! I would have given this watch 5 stars but did not because of the watchband problem, please read on in the CONS and you will see why...Also, did not want to see someone else go through the time and expense that I did, it cost me $5 to have the watchband cut and adjusted and even so it is still not a comfortable watchband due to width, so I ended up buying a LEATHER watchband at $9 so it cost me more money and trouble due to the wide width of this watchband that pinches! (I have always found that leather watchbands are easier to adjust, look smart and are so much more comfortable).PROS:1) Easy reader feature--this watch is very easy to read yet it is small enough to be feminine as I am girly girly!2) Great simple design, just right for any occasion from everyday to dressy watch!3) Best of all, the light as I need to see the time at night and in dimly lit areas.4) Second hand, great feature5) Water-resistant, however, I will take it off when I shower just to be on the safe side after reading the other reviews.CONS:1) I could only find ONE CON. This watch will only accept a leather band (if you choose to replace the band). I went to a jeweler and had him try to place a very nice metal band that should have fit this watch, it did not because it has to be rounded at the top to fix. *Note that the older Timex watches, you could replace the band with a metal band or a leather band. ****However, I did have the same jeweler take out some lengths out of the band that came with the watch and it fits OK, however because of the WIDTH of the band it pinches and is NOT COMFORTABLE. So at the same time, I bought a leather replacement band and probably have this one put on this watch as I find a leather band is much more comfortable and easy to adjust because I have such small wrists! Would I buy this watch again? Yes for 2 reasons: THE LIGHT feature and the EASY READER FEATURE, for those reasons, and I will enjoy this watch with my new BLACK LEATHER WATCHBAND!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.15338895", "2": "0.30829585", "3": "0.159845", "4": "0.16725114", "5": "0.14336477", "6": "0.06538517"}}