{"text": "It was time to renew my prescription, so I went after four or so years of having my previous eye glasses and sunglasses, which were by Calvin Klein and BCBG, respectively. Since then, I've grown privy to all things Amazon, so I researched the highest-rated shades--which were these, the Gascans. At the eye place I tried on the Polished Black style and they looked great, felt great, and were priced decently. I decided to go ahead and order them in Matte from Amazon (cheaper, and plus the eye place didn't have the Mattes in stock), and have them prescribed.A couple weeks later I got the phone call that they were ready. Oh, what a double-bladed day. The eye glasses I ordered was the Oakley Bucket (which I'll review later), which needed to be resized, as did the Gascan. They fell off easily, so a quick re-heating of the arms did the trick, and they were snug. I wore them the rest of the day since I had some errands to run, and they were just marvelous. They blocked out the sun entirely, cushioned my eyes, and were light as a feather, so they didn't really weigh down my skin. At first I thought the weight was a drawback--they felt cheap--but then I realized it's to keep the glasses on all day long.On my way to work the next day, however, I noticed that they were sort of slipping down. \"Odd,\" I thought. \"Did they loosen up over night?\" Worried, I tucked the arms into my hat, which prevented them from falling over. During lunch I purposefully took a walk outside and was struck with horror as the Oakleys would now fall off with even a slight glance downward. I grew frustrated that I paid nearly $140 for the sunglasses and prescription lenses, and they didn't even stay on my head. I wore them a few more days after that with my hat because I just love them otherwise, but I hope that my next visit to the eye place will help bend the arms and nosebridge. The Matte material, though easier on the skin oil (oil still shows, though), makes it easier for the glasses fall/slide off. I'm surprised no one else here on Amazon seems to have had that issue.For now, I will rate these 3-1/2 stars. I'm hoping to bring them up to the 5 they deserve after my next appointment.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.28502995", "1": "0.2316161", "2": "0.095985286", "3": "0.11688336", "4": "0.1119699", "5": "0.043599054", "6": "0.11491633"}}