{"text": "Invicta's 8928 is a two tone model of the dive watch that started it all - the 8926! The watch utilizes 23k gold plate which wears rather well on the crown and bezel - less so on the bracelet for an overall look rivaling the Rolex Submariner. Let's take a tour of this $100 price range diving watch and note the value and style of the timepiece:MovementThe Citizen Miyota 21 jewel movement rivals Swiss automatic movements for a fraction of the price. If it has any weakness - it is in the small power reserve - losing it's mainspring energy with less than one day off the wrist. IF not worn everyday- it should be put on a programmable watch winder or manually wound. The second hand will not \"hack\" with this movement. A date (complication) window shows at the 3 o'clock position. It must be manually adjusted every February and other 30 day months.CaseThe 43mm (with crown) 316L brushed stainless steel case wears comfortably on the wrist. The case lugs are modestly curved to accomodate wrists of all sizes. The new model (larger) gold plated screw down crown looks elegent as it contrasts the case.The blue dive bezel - unidirectional 120 clicks around - is scalloped like the Omega Seamaster and is a departure from older model 8928's which flaunted a Rolex like \"coin edge\" bezel. Under pressure from Rolex it was changed by Invicta two years ago. The blue enamal is vey scratch resistant - the numbers more copper color than gold.The Mineral Glass crystal is scratch resistant - but not nearly as much as a more desirable sapphire watch face (imprinted only by diamond) which could double the cost of the watch. Mineral glass is less prone to chipping or shattering than a sapphire crystal. The display watchback is also mineral glass - displaying the undecorated Miyota automatic movement. Mineral glass backs are less likely to cause skin irritation than a stainless steel backed case.A date magnifier (Cyclops) at the 3 o'clock position carries on the Submariner theme. The gold watch hands contrast wonderfully with the Invicta blue dial. The LUME off the watch hands and number positions is modest - both in brightness and longevity as compared to more expensive dive watches. A \"winged\" Invicta symbol decorates the counter - balanced side of the gold second hand. An elegent \"INVICTA\" product name is embossed on the left side of the case. The watch is rated as a Professional Diver 200M (660 feet) water resistant.BraceletThe comfortable two tone stainess steel pinned link bracelet is worth the price of the watch. Solid end links, rounded flexible wrist links set off the gold plated center links - all made to look like the Rolex Oyster bracelet. The bracelet's gold center links are the only 23k gold plating prone to scratching. The foldover adjustable double safety clasp uses pins as well. There is no wetsuit deployment clasp as found in more expensive watches.CONCLUSIONRated 5 Stars because of value and features, the Invicta 89XX series of Professional Dive Watches has kept the company in the forefront of automatic movement watch manufacturers. No one can touch Invicta in the $100 area Pro-diver price range. Fit, finish, design, value and quality cannot be beat. This IS the leader in its class. Those desiring a Swiss made watch with Sapphire crystal and heftier bracelet should first look at the Invicta 9938 for about threetimes the price.[This review replaces an earlier effort for the same watch.]", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.083979055", "1": "0.14322428", "2": "0.18819556", "3": "0.07712646", "4": "0.15278146", "5": "0.20331518", "6": "0.15137798"}}