{"text": "UPDATE 9/4/13  Bought this in Feb. 2012 and it is still keeping good time for a cheap automatic.  It still looks great and has been worn while doing everything from showering, to landscaping. Before purchasing this watch, I owned a Seiko 5 automatic.  It ran for 10 years before giving up the ghost.  It never kept accurate time even after adjustments made by a jeweler.  I read reviews and researched this watch before purchasing it.  I saw some negative reviews but decided to buy it anyway since the positive reviews outnumbered the bad ones significantly.  So, here goes.  First of all, I have small wrists, around 6 in..  This watch looks fine on it and does not appear to be overly large or too much of a stand out in size for a small wrist.  It has a nice weight and feel to it also.  I won't go into technical details which have already been addressed so many times in other reviews.  I have owned the 8926 OB for a little over a month and wanted to give it a chance to get \"broken in\" before writing this.  It has a nice one directional bezel (turns to the left). When turned, it snaps positively into the increments and turns with a little effort but not too much.  It has a decent, fairly solid bracelet made of stainless steel. It wears quite comfortably on my bony wrist without pulling hair either. I must say, I am fairly impressed with the metal in this bracelet.  I generally have trouble wearing stainless bands as I usually break out from them.  This has not been the case for this watch.  I did have to adjust the band for my wrist, but this only took a minute or two.  I like the observation glass on the back of the watch, and feel it adds a nice novelty flair to the timepiece. This watch is much more accurate than my Seiko 5 ever thought about being. Update: 8/10/12 I have worn this watch regularly for around 6 months now.  After its initial break in period it has slowed down to losing around 4 min per month.  I just keep it set 5 min. fast as I like being early to work anyway.  This is the only issue I have had with it and have found it to be a very reliable watch.  The crystal is still scratch free and overall, I am still impressed with what I got for so little money.  I actually worked with an individual the other day who owns a Rolex and he asked me if I were wearing one.  I also had a young woman who commented on this watch and told me it looked like a fairly expensive piece.  It is exposed to heat, moisture, dirt on a daily basis and has had no problems. At this point in time, I would not hesitate to recommend this watch.  It has good looks, durability and inexpensive.  Worth every penny.  UPDATE:  6/6/13  I can still say this is one of the best values in the watch world today.  The crystal is still scratch free.  The lume still works great (it's not a black monster but it does work well).  The band is still in good shape and timekeeping is on par with my Invicta 9211 and my Citizen Eco Drive.  Yes, this watch is an automatic.  But it keeps very good time for one. It actually seems to be keeping better time now than when I first purchased it.  I set it a couple of minutes ahead about every month and a half and it does fine.  I am a watch lover and I like all kinds, digital and analog, automatic, battery, and solar.  I wear this watch probably more than my G-shock or my other watches. Why?  Because it goes with anything from blue jeans to shorts and suits to swimming.  I have no compunction about wearing with anything and it just plain looks good.  I love my other watches.  But this one is special to me.  Buy one and I think you will find it to be special also.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.099579826", "1": "0.23250191", "2": "0.23397765", "3": "0.08969937", "4": "0.1030633", "5": "0.14893639", "6": "0.092241585"}}