{"text": "I have worn Casio watches for decades. I've also worn Timex and other brands too.My previous watch was the Casio 10 year battery 708 MTP-3036A-2AV with the Cobalt Blue face. A quite nice heavy duty analog watch that had a full thick stainless steel case. Amazon still carried them up until earlier this year and now only carries the black faced watch by the model number MTP-3036A-1AV.I loved the old watch and it took a beating in my work but never a hiccup until the ten year battery died right at ten years. The watch was so worn I decided to look for another. The old one with a strong thick steel case at $25.00 was well worth the money. The only drawback to that watch was that it had no illumination for night viewing.Alas, it went away from Amazon even though it can still be found at other places and I may indeed go get one just because I liked it so much.But I needed a watch and liked the look of this one with a similar colored face. I won't go into great detail of the features since so many others have. I do find them fairly easy to set up and work, though that's not why I bought the watch. The greatest drawbacks to this watch is that it is made very flimsy. I guess ten years makes a lot of difference in quality. The \"crystal\" scratches easily so I had to take one of the clear cell phone screen protectors, cut it down and apply it to the face of the watch or it would have gotten destroyed in short order.It says the case is stainless steel. But I don't see it. The top section of the watch is a very thin pot-metal, maybe aluminum. But the worse part of the design is that the bottom side of the watch is plastic. Thin, light plastic. Ugh! That really is a let down and just won't make it for me as a work watch. So I will be buying another one of the old watches from somewhere else while it's still available and at the same time keep this watch for non-work wearing. I do like the night lights though they are not very bright like the Timex Indiglo are.One more thing. The watch ships with a huge wrist band, also made much lighter and more flimsy than the old one was. I have fairly large wrists and it was way too big for me. There are no instructions with the watch on how to reduce the size and they've changed the design on it from the old watch. But there are several good YouTube videos showing exactly how to take out links. Unfortunately, the process is simplistic but definitely not simply. It took me an hour to remove a link from both sides with needle-nose pliers and a jewelers screwdriver set. It was NOT easy. And it still was too big on my wrist. Since the clasp also has four settings to loosen or tighten the band, I set that to the tightest and it fits pretty good now though still a bit loose.Bottom line: The Casio AW81D-2AV is a very light weight, attractive watch with numerous handy features at a great price if you intend on wearing it out to dinner, church, a movie, even to the office. This watch will not hold up to a harsh work environment so be aware that it is very light weight.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.034100406", "1": "0.09784841", "2": "0.19042902", "3": "0.22765556", "4": "0.11121089", "5": "0.18110998", "6": "0.15764569"}}