{"text": "I have been getting charged for changing batteries, changing links quite excessively as of late and I figured, why not do it myself.Of course, as a beginner, I wasn't sure which tools to buy (even after reading conflicting reviews), so I purchased the 16-piece SE set, the SE watch case tool with adapters and this 10 piece set.Unlike the others which are made in China, this one is made in India.I.  TOOLSThe tools in this Battery Replacement set are:- Two mini-screwdrivers- Watch Case Opener (horizontal and not the usually two-three tip tool with adapter)- Seiko case remover- Plastic tweezer- Non-Magnetic Tweezer- Dust Brush- KnifeII.  Removing Watch Case BackAnd this is probably the tool that I actually have had more success in removing case-backs with a hole on the caseback and that is using the watch tool remover that came with this set.  It was easy to use and it's funny that a few jewelers were unable to open the case with their watch case opener (the blue object in picture), so I was glad to see that this thing came in handy.I used the screwdrivers from this set the most than what I have in my 16-piece as it looks more sturdy.I liked how it came with the brush, because if you are opening older watches, you'll notice crumbs or dirt that could have gotten inside and so the brush comes in handy.The knife looked like I can cut myself easy with it, so I preferred to use the knife case opener for older vintage watches to remove the case back.  These casebacks have no holes or divots but by putting your knife to an angle near the lugs, these type of cases then remove easily with the knife.I also look at the Seiko opener and plastic and non-magnetic tweezers as great tool additions to this set.III.  PRICEFor those who want to change batteries, it's a pretty great deal for under $10.IV.  OVERALLThere were tools that came in handy and were very useful for several watches that my 16-piece set was unable to open.  I do recommend this set as an addition to the 16-piece set but if you are looking to remove case-backs, the blue object on its own is $4 so, it's worth owning as I found it easier to remove the case for some watches.  The Brush is also a nifty addition and literally, you're getting quite a bit for this cheap set.Now knowing what I do know after buy three SE products, if you are going to be changing batteries on quartz watches and also removing casebacks and links, I recommend the 16-piece SE set.  But because this 10-piece comes with items with each selling for $3.99-$4.99 each, it's a worth addition to your 16-piece watch fixing set as it has beneficial tools such as the sturdier mini-screwdrivers the brush and most importantly the case removing tools.  It's also not a bad idea just in case you have problems or you lose a tool, you can look to these extra tools as a backup to your pre-existing tool set.But if you need to purchase one, this one is great for removing case-backs and for changing batteries.  It's very affordable... but once again, you may find the SE 16-piece more suitable for you. Especially if you want to start removing your own links.  And for batteries, it may not remove all cases and even the 16-bit set may be ineffective for challenging watches, so a SE watch case tool with several adapters may be what you need.But once again, for the price of this 10-piece set and how much the items inside it cost quite a bit if sold piece-by-piece.  It's a steal!  Definitely recommended!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.089197256", "1": "0.16548663", "2": "0.4793564", "3": "0.018310267", "4": "0.12841274", "5": "0.049220875", "6": "0.07001586"}}