{"text": "i am a 40 waist and have a butt of sorts. i tried these (XL) and some other brands after wearing the briefs cut for years. the issue with the &#34;briefs&#34; cut is that the waist band is really thin and not very durable. so they ride down on me during the day. they also ride low to start, but i wore them because the were fairly comfortable and cool because of the thin material and they had good coverage in the crotch. other brands (Hanes for one) XL size have leg holes that are too big and so your contents are not secure.but i decided that pulling them up all the time was a pain and not very attractive so i tried the Poco. the poco are more costly for sure but it is due to the design. they have a contoured cup, so the coverage is better and there is less smashing of the parts contained in the crotch area. they also have a double ;layer of cloth at the crotch, which helps reduce rubbing on sensitive parts. those are worth the trade off for me which is that these are hotter because of the double material.the waist band is tight on me but bearable and they do not ride or slip all day long. the coverage and the no slipping is what makes these a winner for me. i do wish they were not so tight but they work. i should note that the prints seem to be a material pattern, some of the briefs prints were screened on so they were not as stretchy.the other this is that i wear these and most other underwear inside out. that is because the seems cut into my skin and i get irritation, mostly at the waist seem where it's tight and at the seem at the very bottom of the garment if you can imaging that. how i wish companies would design for comfort not look since no one seems these. simply turning them inside out does the trick, but remember to cut off the brand tab or it will irritate. oh yeah they cover the buttocks well and don't ride up on me there either.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.37739506", "2": "0.18507032", "3": "0.1150475", "4": "0.08456788", "6": "0.23217335"}}