{"text": "I bought this pair several months ago and the comparison is to Lee Dungaree Carpenter Jeans (which are chinsy, but comfy).Fit: 4 stars for fitment.  They are not too tight, not too loose, and fit almost exactly the same as my Lee pants.  4 stars instead of 5 for placement of the pockets, which I'll get to in the functionality part.  The legs are loose enough that they easily fit over motorcycle boots, however the seat of the pants seems a bit 'straight' and could use a bit of tapering at the waist to prevent plumber's crack - hey, let's face it, active men have a little booty!!Durability: 5+++ Stars. These pants are sturdy and live up to the Dickies name.  They are heavy weight material, and all the stitching is solid.  Compared to the lees, they are probably about 50% heavier.Comfort: 4 stars - as mentioned above the seat could use some tapering and they're a bit warm for summer wear.  The heavy material is not ideal on hot or very warm days.  I wouldn't pick these if it gets more than 80 degrees F - just way too warm.  On the flip side, I've found no need for added insulation in the winter as long as I was active (i.e. moving), but would want layers if sitting in a tree stand under 20 degrees.Functionality: - 3 stars.  The back and lower pockets function as expected and don't rip like the Lee brand does.  The heavier material has reinforced stitching to keep your gear secured.  Here's the big drawback, which IMO justifies a lower rating.  The hip pockets (the ones you put your hands in) are way too high.  If you carry a pocket knife with a clip, and wear a cell phone (or gun) on your belt, forget about comfortably putting your hands in your pockets or taking anything out of them.  I wear a blackberry on my right hip.  On the Lee pants, it's not at all in the way and I can access the pockets with no problems.  On the Dickies the pocket is just an inch too high.For me, although the rest of the ratings are excellent for these pants, the issue with the hip pockets is enough of a reason for me to not buy more than one pair.  I use these for utility work or on cold days, but it's too frigging annoying with the pocket issue to make it worth buying another pair... which is really too bad.  If Dickies just redesigned them to fit normally, they would be the perfect pants.  If you don't wear a phone on your hip, or use the hip pockets much, then these will probably work well for you.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.07838029", "1": "0.32566968", "2": "0.18047617", "3": "0.040220477", "4": "0.0685334", "5": "0.1667093", "6": "0.14001074"}}