{"text": "My challenge was to find an insole that would support a left ankle with a tendon problem because it was an ankle that was strained ( not sprained ) 10 years ago and has needed shoes with better than average arch support since then, as that foot over-pronates.I researched all insoles and decided to order Superfeet, green. They fit well ( women's 10 M or B ) but after one week NO more support and my ankle hurt badly. I am a slender woman who until a year ago, found Brooks Addiction Walkers to be the perfect shoe ( 3 pair a year ) for support of my left ankle and not needing special insoles. But Brooks shoe quality has deteriorated  and no longer supports challenges to the foot. I gave them a 1 star rating after giving them 5 stars for almost 9 years.The Superfeet insole is very comfortable but not supportive, for my issue.I found that my old Spenco insole ( green ) helps MUCH better than Superfeet in the green. But my Spenco's are 3/4 length for  when I was working in dress shoes, and I have now ordered two pair of them for sneakers, FULL length. Even though only one foot needs the extra arch support for pronation, I need to stay balanced and will wear them in each shoe. I am through with Brooks shoes and have ordered two pair of New Balance WW928. I am hoping they will offer me arch support, so I can walk without pain in my ankle or without needing orthotics/insoles. I will see how long they last and post a review after I have worn them a month or so. If they break down, as Brooks are now doing, I will have the Spenco arch supports to see if that helps.I was tempted to order the Superfeet, in black, which may have a better arch support and the Superfeet people seem to encourage customers to send insoles back that don't work, but I haven't the time or inclination. They sound like a good company to do business with but after this negative experience with their insoles, based upon all their recommendations, I am reluctant to go through it all again, especially now that I have the Spencos to compare their product, to and they work, for my challenge, of a weak ankle in a foot that over pronates.So, thumbs UP to Spenco, but without trying all the others out. Too expensive and time consuming. I would like to say, I am not a walker....just wear sneakers every day, alternating with 3 pair, for general purposes.Man! This is getting expensive....lolHappy trails,Oceansong*", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.034699954", "1": "0.14167787", "2": "0.1705054", "3": "0.253446", "4": "0.18317112", "5": "0.059082247", "6": "0.15741737"}}