{"text": "The Merrell Spire Stretch is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn!I am now on my fourth pair and when these eventually wear out, I will absolutely, positively buy them again. I dread the thought that Merrell will discontinue them! (NOTE: 5-7-10 MERRELL HAS DISCONTINUED THESE SHOES!!!!! BUY THEM WHILE YOU CAN!!!!)I purchased my first pair when I developed neuropathy of the feet several years ago. My feet ached and burned so much that I couldn't wear any of my shoes for more than a few minutes before feeling painful pressure....on the toe....on the arch.....on the heel.A shoe salesman suggested the Spire. I put a pair on and it was love at first step! I wore these shoes every day, all day for over a year. I virtually lived in them and they allowed me to maintain a normal, active lifestyle despite my foot problems.The Spire is really a bootie. The top is a stretch neoprene-like cuff that reaches up over the foot almost to the ankle bone. This cuff is soft but supportive and it keeps the shoe securely on the foot. There is absolutely no pressure placed on the foot or toes and yet the shoe is extremely supportive. As if you were wearing an oxford. The design is pure genius!The toe box is high and broad and the heel is about 2\" high, air cushioned and very \"solid\" underfoot, comfortable but not squishy.Importantly, the Spire benefits from the Q-Form last that Merrell has designed specifically for women. The Q-Form holds the foot at the correct angle preventing strain on the ankle, knee and hip joints. Not all of Merrell's womens shoes have this last. I think it's a very importatnt feature. When I try on a new Merrell shoe, I always make sure it's Q-Form.The Spire comes in regular and thinsulate lined versions. It also comes in two zip up thinsulate lined boot styles. A half boot that rises a few inches above the ankle and a knee boot. I own the zip half boot and I find it very warm and comfortable. The Spire used to come in Black and Brown, but is only offered now in Black.If I had one complaint it would be that the sole wears out after a year of very hard pavement use. Since the sole is molded, it cannot be re-soled. The shoe needs to be replaced.Finally, the Spire is probably the best looking, least dorky,comfort shoe-bootie you will find.....if you squint it even looks a bit like Prada!  And it is much, much more comfortable!I am amazed to see how many fashionable women wear Spires with their pants while they walk the hard pavement sidewalks of Manhattan. I'd like to include myself among them!", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.02645569", "1": "0.23195165", "2": "0.20157973", "3": "0.22587031", "4": "0.12094996", "5": "0.11384041", "6": "0.079352245"}}