{"text": "At first I bought a casio f91w which after a couple of days I noticed it had something rattling in it.I remembered I once had a G Shock I took to Brazil and thrashed it for a couple of years and even slept/ bathed in it and it was going strong till the day I gave it to my brother in law (who lost it)! It was a different model than the 5600e but lived up to the G SHOCK name, which is why I bought this one. I wanted a watch that I could wear all the time and not worry about, unlike my Swiss watches that I have sold because I was always afraid of breaking them. The added 1983 retro style it has is just an added bonus!This watch is much larger/ more manlier in size than the f91w and does not rattle. The green backlight is nice and this watch does everything a watch should. So accurate time keeping you could \"set your watch to it.\" The best part of this watch is that buttons do mot get pushed accidentally. If you have anything of a stub of a fingernail you should be able to push these buttons just fine. I bought it from Amazon, and the ones they sell are authentic, but made in China. I guess they no longer produce these in Taiwan, and it seems almost everything these days is now made in China.I am a little crazy and like to modify things so I have already converted mine to a reverse display (white numbers on black background- there are tutorials online how to do this) and when I had the case open it said \"Casio China no jewels\" so the movement is also made in China. It still seems built well, other than the top left adjust button is recessed a little more than the others (it was purposely designed this way) and the white \"G Shock\" and \"protection\" writing is actually more of a greyish hue compared to previous models; which doesn't matter to me because I also blacked it out to copy the much more expensive military version of the 5600e. Also, while I had the case open there is a small spring that if you pull it out the watch no longer beeps. For me this is a plus: I don't like my watches to beep since I prefer to wake up to my cell phone. But beware when changing batteries not to lose this spring if you value the beep. Also, see tutorials online if you decide to change the battery yourself- the owners manual states the one supplied will last 2 years or less depending on backlight usage. You can find replacement batteries very cheap on ebay, too.All in all this watch is the perfect size and weight and feels great and I am quite certain it can take a beating and will live up to its name.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.2486335", "1": "0.03369495", "2": "0.21828115", "3": "0.04066998", "4": "0.16997354", "5": "0.16140726", "6": "0.12733963"}}