{"text": "After decades of dealing with RL shirts that don't last and cost 10x more (not an exaggeration), I find these to be a better fit and value.I started buying these in long sleeve and got one in short sleeve by accident when I changed to sandstone and the picture showed long sleeve white. Being a prime order, I figured if it wasn't right when it arrived, I would ship it back. Well, color was nice, but it came as short sleeve. A happy accident because I would never have started ordering these if I hadn't discovered how much better these were than my Polos.I order mediums. The order choices show s,m,l, and on and on. Then, they say adult s, adult m, adult l, etc. since they don't say child s,m.... I took a chance on the lower prices that came with the exclusion of the word adult. I'll have to assume adult label must be a euphemism for b&t; or something else associated with extra roomy because I'm not child size.I'm currently a 44-36. The waste is loose enough to hide less than flat abs. The shoulders fit without hanging over and don't look sloppy yet still have a lot of room in the chest and body. Length was great for low cut jeans, but too much if not tucked in. Much more suited to being tucked in to deal with below waste jeans issues. I actually found myself returning for a small which is really strange sizing.I gave very little thought to the claim of spot protection until I watched salsa disappear with just a wet sponge.So far they are holding up through washes but I caution anyone who does not thoroghly understand how laundry machines work. You cannot use high heat and the toughest cycle for every type of garment. Unless you are wearing these on a construction job and letting it sit for a week before washing, you should use gentle wash cycles and low heat drying with finish guard sensor dryers. If you don't have access to proper dryers or time to watch over timed laundromat machines, remove while slightly damp and use hangers for final drying. Everything will last longer with more care, regardless.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.17653678", "1": "0.30672", "2": "0.08847233", "3": "0.03595326", "4": "0.023560407", "5": "0.2519024", "6": "0.11685485"}}