{"text": "As a watch lover, I've had this watch several years now and have enjoyed it.  It's been long enough that I'm certain I would have needed new batteries, but with the Eco-drive solar system it's going fine with never a concern.  I'm able to put in a drawer for weeks at a time and when I get it out, it's still working fine.  I leave it out in the light on a dresser every once in a while to assure it has a nice charge.  This is a working watch for me, one I know wear when I know I might be doing things that could scratch one of my dress watches.I like the clean face on this watch.  I generally dislike watches that have big rings around the crystal as it makes the watch unnecessarily large.  Of course if they have a purpose it can be acceptable.  The clean font, the clean face, the small trim make this a very nice clean watch.  The chronograph adds to that tasteful look by adding a bit of detail that I enjoy.  The watch is accurate and I only change the time when it's the end of a month with less than 31 days and I have to fix the date of the month feature, thus it requires me to reset the time as I turn forward a day or two.I've flown, swam, dived and used this watch in may varied environments and it has worked well in all of them.  I'm rough on watches and while my crystal is now scratched up, it isn't broken.  To keep my scratching to a minimum I prefer watches with a flat crystal (like this has), instead of the kind that pop up out of the face.  I still manage to scratch it but I wear it working on engines and doing my chores and consider this a working watch so that's just the price I pay.  Dressy and more expensive watches get removed for those chores!  This is a great watch, with nice features for a really reasonable price.One negative for this watch is that the band is a bit small.  Not that my wrists are super big but I have to wear this band on the last catch.  If it were any smaller I wouldn't be able to wear it out of the box.  This seems unusual, almost like it's a ladies watch band?  The watch band is very solid and secure.  There are metal eyelets around the clasp holes and it's really lasted well for me, I just wish it were a bit longer ;-)4 stars, it's a great watch, so wonderful to ever have to worry about batteries. But not 5 because the watch band needs to be a bit longer.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.15670225", "1": "0.2980416", "2": "0.1932897", "3": "0.30551615", "4": "0.041650523"}}