{"text": "Packaging:The watch was well and safely packaged and on a nice pillow. Thebox is hard cardboard, high quality but not as premium as I've seen. Came with assorted printed material likethe manual and some coupons. No extras for people that like to get stickers etc. The watch itself waspristine, with protective adhesive plastic on it.Look & Feel:It's a lovely watch. Nice bright orange dial, thick, gorgeousclicking bezel and the lume is as fantastic as the hype. The sweeping second hand is a nice touch. The dial isnot as big as you would think from the pictures but is a really decent size and very legible. Has apremium look and feel to it. The watch is a fair weight on the hand which I like but others may not. I have wornheavier watches. It really is a classy watch and to my taste blends in just fine with most of my work attire.Operation:Setting the time is simple. I don't know if the watch is accurateto the second but it keeps good time near as I can tell. That being said, it is a kinetic watch (winds upby motion) and will stop if you put it down a long time. I have found that if you give it a long shake (no needto be rough, just rotate it gently left to right), like just about a minute will suffice, it will survive aday without being worn on the wrist. Setting the date is a bit tedious, you have to fiddle with it a bit butit does work. The screw down crown does go on tightly and while it is fairly easy to remove, even slightlygreasy hands won't do.Adjustments:My wrists are medium, about 7.5 inches and the watch neededadjustment. Removed two links. Keep in mind when you remove the link pins, that each has a small collar. DO NOTLOSE THESE. If you Google around the net, there are instructions and they all advise that the collar iseasy to lose (even by jewelers). I would advise using a watch link removal tool if you're doing ityourself. There are cheap ones around. I tried using a paperclip and it was difficult for my thick fingers. Iwould avoid using a small screwdriver as it is likely to scratch if you're not careful.Finale:The watch is excellent, beautiful and worth having.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.0993168", "1": "0.2146853", "2": "0.26589167", "3": "0.15154307", "4": "0.1362717", "5": "0.017337363", "6": "0.11495413"}}