{"text": "I've been looking at dive watches recently, not only because I do a fair bit of snorkeling and punish them in other diverse ways, but also because I love the easy visibility of the broad hands and large markers.  This is absolutely the classic dive watch format.  It is the third Bulova I've added to the collection over the years.With watches having become absurdly over-sized in the past few years, it's refreshing to find something good-looking and solid under 50mm!  At 40mm, it's comfortable for every day use, fits smoothly under a shirt cuff and is still easy to see, read and manipulate.  The deep navy of the dial and bezel gives you a very definite contrast to the markers and hands, and it's a simple finish that's sophisticated without being busy, like some patterned faces or, worse, mother-of-pearl.The screw-down crown is appropriate to the water functionality, and there is enough extension to the stem and differentiation between positions to make setting and adjusting easy.  The band width at 22mm is comfortable, secure-feeling and attractive, and the stainless bracelet is solid and nicely turned.  I have deployment clasp silicone straps I buy separately for most of my watches (navy blue for this one), so I switch them out from time to time with the bracelets.  Better in the water for me and takes weight off for day to day.I read some negative comments about the bezel.  I find it a little stiff, but not unworkable at all.  Matter of fact, I like the fact that it's tight, as you won't inadvertently move it brushing up against anything.  The day/date window is nice and large and easily readable, which is something lacking in a lot of watches.  Markers and hands retain luminosity for a good long time and, because of their size, are still readable even at their weakest.  Again, addressing other comments, the hands on my watch are all perfectly aligned (inaccuracy in that area would cause me to give a low rating).All in all, a great looking timepiece, solidly put together and perfect for my needs.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.05716507", "1": "0.21856856", "2": "0.29591137", "3": "0.24239351", "4": "0.067162275", "6": "0.116596125"}}