{"text": "I have purchased many Timex watches over the years and I am entirely satisfied with this watch.  I always buy the sports watch, as I swim and do triathlons.Things I like about the watch:*Setting the watch is easy and the instructions are clear (although the printed instructions are very small!)* The watch is not too big.  So many watches have too many features and they are large, bulky, and heavy.  This watch is sleek, has a low profile, and has a size that is ideal for average needs.* The numbers are big enough to see easily at a glance.* There are enough useful options, and this watch is not overloaded with too many options.  Too many options are confusing to me.  I like the simplicity of this watch and the ease of use of the options it has.* I like the plastic watch band.  I have tried the velcro strap bands and they wear out after a year or so of use.  The plastic band will eventually break, but is fairly easy to replace.* I like the price.  At less than 35 dollars I have everything I need in a watch.* I like and use frequently the Indiglo feature.  I have even used Indiglo to find my way to the bathroom at night from bed! The light on the dial is bright enough to make your way through the dark for a short trip!Things I don't like:There is not much I don't like about this Timex watch.  I suppose my biggest complaint about this watch and any Timex watch is the difficulty in changing the battery.  The battery will eventually need replacement, and of course one has to take off the back of the watch to replace the battery.  This is tricky and takes a steady hand.  I wish Timex would make the battery more accessible so changing the battery would be as easy as sliding one in or out of a hinged door (like on a hearing aid).Obviously, there is much more to like about this watch than not like.  I do recommend it for a good sport watch.  It will withstand chlorine pools, lake water, rainfall, high and low temperatures, but be careful not to scratch the dial window!  I scratched the main window crystal and ruined my last watch.  Avoid spraying any kind of bug repellant on the window as well, as this can mar (dull) the surface.For me, this watch meets all my needs and I give it a 5-star rating.  My needs are faily simple.  There are certainly other watches that offer more features, but to me, the added features add complexity and are not worth the added bother.The price is good.  The watch is good quality. This is a good buy.Jim \"Konedog\" Koenig", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.099651575", "1": "0.1559885", "2": "0.25355664", "3": "0.045108918", "4": "0.31732512", "6": "0.12589453"}}