{"text": "After much looking I chose to buy this watch over a similar Luminox watch as I wasn't sure I wanted a black watch.I like a few things so far, but I'm far from sold on the others.I have the Indonesian assembled version.First the price. 200 dollars seems pretty good.Appearance: The watch appears to fit well (after adjustment), and looks good. However I'm not happy that the winding mechanism appears to be a different steel finish than the rest of the watch. I hope that's not due to inferior metal.Lumbrite: not fully tested, but dissapointing so far. I have not worn this in direct sun for long periods, but maybe that's required to get any kind of good consistent long period of display in dark conditions. I'm going on a week long dive boat trip in May and I willget a better idea there.Accuracy: So far I'm NOT impressed. I lose about two minutes every 5 days. Maybe that is good, but I was hoping for betterafter reading reviews of losing only \"10 seconds a day.\" For the record, my White Monster runs fast so I guess I should have expected some dissapointment?Band, not sure it's the same high quality as my White Monster (also assembled in Indonesia).It already came apart once but that may be due to the Jewler's apprentice making a mistake.It fell off my arm a week after he removed to links. To be sure, I went back when the owner was present and he checked it outand fixed it. no problems since then.Would I buy this again at this price? Not sure at this point. I'm already considerfing the Luminox Seal Watch. I will report back after diving with this for a week.******Added comments 17 Feb.And now it has stopped working.Time to find out how easy the warranty process is.I am bummed, i deliberated over this for months.3 March comment:So after my wife traded emails with E Stock Watch for a week (they were responsive but it took some back and forth) we finally are sending the watch back for repair (when it stops snowing). I tried winding it to make sure that the automatic movement good/kaput!. Nothing works. I'm ok with them looking at it and fixing it (afterall that's what their warranty coverage indicates they will do). But I would like to point out that you pay shipping each way for this \"service\". Will update when I get it back and adjust the rating appropriately.Almost worth considering taking it somewhere else, but then I worry about experience in repair.************30 March update~Sent the watch to Alex at E watch stock and got it back in 4 work days.I am still not real pleased i had to pay shipping, but it appears to be fixed, and it has kept digital quality time for two weeks. I keep checking it with my atomic clock and cell phone and its spot on accurate.Not sure what they did but very happy with the very quick repair.I think you can trust E Watch stock.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.026628902", "1": "0.23237848", "2": "0.30097395", "3": "0.15056235", "4": "0.11174369", "5": "0.074832685", "6": "0.1028799"}}