{"text": "There are at least several general types of gaits which people have. Some feet tend to over-pronate (a person who walks more heavily on the inside of their feet), over-supinate (a person who walks more heavily on the outside of their feet), or have a more-or-less \"neutral\" gait (not pronating or supinating excessively). The normal gait cycle involves some degree of pronation and supination. Arguably, too much pronation or supination can cause pain in your feet. Although gait issues can be hard to diagnose, it can be fairly easy for a trained doctor to tell you whether your gait falls sufficiently outside the norm to require some kind of corrective treatment.Enter Superfeet, a less costly alternative to a custom orthotic device for those in need of controlling their foot motion. As advertised, Superfeet reposition your feet inside the shoe by firmly cupping your heels, supporting your arch, and generally keeping your feet from moving in such a way as to cause pain. For those who need them, Superfeet are very effective and do their job nicely. They are also easily obtainable for a good price, and marketed as a premium replacement insole.Superfeet are very popular and the way they sell, you'd think every person has significant gait issues and requires motion control devices in their shoes. In reality this is not the case (see first paragraph). For example, I have a pretty neutral gait. I pronate just a little on one foot and actually supinate on the other a bit, but by-and-large I walk fine. However when I developed some heel pain I decided to try Superfeet because they are advertised as a solution for that. I ended up with knee pain because these forced my feet into an unnatural (for me) walking position that altered my gait and put pressure on areas that were not accustomed to it. I ended up seeing a doctor who instructed me to use cushioned insoles only instead of something rigid like this. Fortunately I was able to take advantage of the 60-day money-back guarantee for these which is a nice thing.My point is this -- Superfeet makes a great product, nothing at all against it, and if you need it I think it's a far better investment than expensive custom orthotics that do the same thing. But if you have a problem with your feet, or knees, or hips, or anything else, see a doctor before buying any devices to put in your shoes! A good orthopedist will be able to direct you regarding what sorts of inserts, if any, you will need. You may be able to figure it out on your own or by going to a running store, but if you get it wrong you may end up making matters worse. That was my story and sure it's my own fault for not starting in the right place, but it's a common mistake to make.So overall: 5 stars for the product (it does do its job) - 1.5 stars for the lack of clarity in the advertising as to the type of gait problems these are supposed to treat = 3.5 Stars.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.096078224", "1": "0.25133508", "2": "0.14378206", "3": "0.087098174", "4": "0.19665599", "5": "0.10695731", "6": "0.11809314"}}