{"text": "I have generally frowned on slippers, finding them a ugly, ill fitting non-essential in the past for my 9.5 wide feet. As I gracefully age into my middle years, when the the temperature plummets, so does my tolerance for cold feet. This season I had the misfortune of being sequestered in my home walking around in regular socks, around the house for a few days to study for a test. I tried everything but slippers (I had none) to keep my feet warm. Finally I caved in to suggestions. Received these in 'Aztec black', size medium (9-10) from another merchant( I am not sure what possessed me to choose that color/size unavailable on Amazon) and tried them on with much trepidation.Comfort/Warmth: I felt instant and sustained warmth, just wearing them and sitting on my chair. \"are a warm haven for your chilly feet\" No misrepresentation there from the manufacturer.As I walk, my feet feel they are riding on a plush carpet wearing nothing but a good pair socks even when I am on ceramic tile in the kitchen and bathroom as well a much colder concrete garage floor and the warmth persists. My feet are deforming the shape of the slippers, as the uppers easily tolerate varying and omnidirectional stretch as I walk.Construction: These seem built like a durable, high quality fleece garment, except they are a shoe. The uppers are made of a single layer of thick soft fleece, a ghastly decorative color on the outside and soft black inside. 2 pieces front and back stitched securely together in the center. There is no removable insole, rather the black fleecy stuff continues, and underneath it is softer but not too thick nor firm, semi plush foam mid-sole, with a thin, flexible rubbery out-sole that grips well. There is a suede border that covers the fleece upper where it meets the out-sole, probably adding to durability and protection from bumps, but also contributing to the general unsightliness . I do not feel any support or shock absorption from the foamy mid-sole, not that I was expecting it. I like the idea that they are machine washable, but have not tried it yet.Fit: They fit like a nice pair of gloves. They are designed to widen naturally, substantially near the ball of the foot area and nicely hug the toes, contributing to the warmth. They are compliant(stretchy) and commodious for my 9-9.5 length large volume feet. I feel no pinching or pressure points.  My dad who has more regular size 9 feet also found them very comfortable to walk around in the house, so I guess he will get a pair too in the same size!Style: Don't get me going....I rarely give a 5 star review, and am more than a little amused at reviewers who could not safely perform calisthenics on linoleum, found them suffocating hot in Florida summers or unsuitable for strolling around L.A chinatown or realized that these slippers did not live up to their pets expectations of a soft chewing toy!Here in the soon to be frozen tundra of Wisconsin, they are just what the doctor ordered. They are what they are advertised as: amazingly warm and comfortable indoor winter slippers.  They seem durable enough to survive the winter indoors and decorative enough to be hung up on a wall, after a good wash when summer arrives (next to my Aztec calender?)!~!. They seem light and soft, and wont hurt anyone if hurled in anger or affection. Heck, I might get an extra pair just to throw at the cat, if I do get a cat!11 month Update: Octber 2013: These are made of durable thick polyester fleece, with a suede bumper, and a relatively thin TPR (Thermoplastic Rubber) sole, and kinda feel like a thick additional sock, and still, just as comfy. I wore them through last winter, entirely indoor puttering, some walking, mostly sitting at my desk, tapping them against the computer, and frequently sleeping in them. They have seen some indoor environmental disasters, spills, etc. I hand washed them with dish liquid a couple of times, and dried them against the heating vents. They stayed in the closet from May to through September. They look (and smell) great, but the midsole cushion has flattened and assumed the mould of my feet. Since they lasted one winter,  I am now tempted to additionally use them as oven gloves, a \"fetch\" toy for  the neigbor's dog, for cross-fit, tap dancing, snow shoveling, and simply walking the \"cobble stoned cities of Europe\"", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.1213866", "2": "0.1476624", "3": "0.21773492", "4": "0.15168703", "5": "0.045469325", "6": "0.31374785"}}