{"text": "I expected a lot more from a &#34;wrist computer&#34; selling for almost 250.00, and the Military version for $300. First of all the visibility of the display is much too dark.  The images of the X-Lander on the Amazon and Suunto websites have been enhanced to the point that a case could be made for false advertising.  Secondly, the instructions to set the numeric values (meters vs feet, etc.) aren't even covered in the instructions that come with the watch, you have to download the full set of instructions to figure that out, then some of the fields used to set the values are so small and located in such bizarre locations, that even with 20/20 vision, I had to use an illuminated magnifying glass to see, then set the values.  Thirdly, the backlight feature is useless in low light or bright daylight.  It is only good for pitch black darkness...much too dim, but is probably the same as their military version, which has to be at a low level to keep the wearer from getting shot!  Fourth, (probably for the same reason) the alarm is not loud enough, especially if you are wearing the X-Lander under a couple of layers of clothing.  As others have stated, it should not be counted upon as a means to wake you from sleep.  Fifth, the barometric trend indicator is totally unreadable...too small and too dim to see under normal circumstances unless you also happen to be carrying a small foldout magnifying glass (which, as it turns out, I do carry while trekking).  Finally, the feature navigation is not intuitive, meaning if you do not use the features and sub-features regularly, good luck with remembering how some of the functions are accessed, and turned on and off, unless you carry the instructions on your person.I am going to keep this &#34;wrist computer&#34; for trekking, but it will not be the watch on my wrist for everyday casual use.  That honor will still go to my Wenger Military.  Because of that, there should be a way to shut off the X-Lander (short of removing the battery) so the battery does not run down while it's in the safe...still hoping to find out how to do that...doesn't have a stem to pull out like a watch.I can not recommend the X-Lander.  It is feature-rich, fairly compact and lightweight,  but the issues above make it less than desirable and overpriced.  The Finns need to address these issues before I buy another Suunto &#34;wrist computer&#34;.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.14083903", "1": "0.17518495", "2": "0.22536045", "3": "0.05562411", "4": "0.2919288", "6": "0.10863237"}}