{"text": "An ex-football player past his prime (6'3&#34;, 360 lbs, size 13D, medium arch), I was recently diagnosed with plantar fasciitis. My orthopedist recommended daily stretching exercises and Orthoheel slippers to wear indoors (no more walking around in socks). What a difference! The slippers and exercises lessened my symptoms from the start and, over time, eliminated most of my discomfort, so I decided to find some orthotic inserts to improve my street shoes.So far, I've tested:1. Dr. Scholl's Massaging Gel Extra Support2. Aetrex Copper Medium Arch3. Spenco Polysorb Total Support4. Superfeet Copper DMP5. Powerstep Pinnacle6. Powerstep Pinnacle Proeach for two hours' total walking time over a few days in two pairs of my favorite shoes: New Balance 606 hikers and Cole Haan loafers with Nike Air.Dr. Scholl's Massaging Gel Extra Support: Advertised for big & tall men, they didn't do much for me. While the extra cushioning helped at first, it helped less and less the longer I walked on them. I mentioned this to my orthopod and he told me the key to managing PF is not cushioning, it's support. Grade: DSpenco Polysorb Total Support: Remembering my doc's advice, I chose these for the rigid heel cup and arch support. Though quite comfortable overall, the arch support was a bit too low for my medium-high arches and the heel cup was insufficient support for weight. While they worked reasonably well for me, I believe they would a be better choice for lighter individuals with lower arches. Grade: BAetrex Copper Medium Arch: Promising better arch support, these felt very similar to the Spenco insoles even after walking around the block. I then swapped one of the Aetrex insoles for one of the Spenco insoles and walked around again. Only then could I tell them apart. The Spenco offered a little better support for the mid- and fore-parts of my foot, the Aetrex offered a little better support for my arch. Grade: BSuperfeet: I was in an Allen Edmonds store and noticed the Superfeet insoles. The clerk said many men my size have good success with them. I tried the Orange and the Copper DMP versions in the store. Finding the Orange too high for my arches, I got a pair of the Copper DMP. These are easily the most rigid of the insoles I've tried...and easily the best. Superfeet arch support sits farther back on the insole than other brands. This made a real difference in the support and comfort I felt walking long distances. I also found the medial post support in the heel did a better job than other insoles in combatting over-pronation. Grade: A [Update: I have since tried Superfeet Black in dress shoes that couldn't accommodate the Orange insole. They work well but are not as supportive as the Copper.]Powerstep Pinnacle: While it seems well-made and offered good support, it simply did not work for me. The gel-based arch support sits too far forward and in the middle of the insole. The insoles felt like I had lumps of clay underfoot. After a few blocks of brisk walking, my feet began to fatigue as if I were walking barefoot in sand. Again, these may work for some people but they didn't for me. Grade: CPowerstep Pinnacle Pro: Other wearers commented that the Pinnacle Pro differs markedly from the Pinnacle, so I tried a pair. I barely made it a block before heading back home. Though more rigid than the Pinnacle and with a better heel cup, the Pinnacle Pro was too inflexible through the arch and ball of my foot. These were the only insoles I tried that truly caused me pain. Of course, it could just be the contours of my feet, and for others the Pinnacle Pro might be great. Grade: F", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.09503579", "1": "0.054127462", "2": "0.10408138", "3": "0.2892255", "4": "0.11609813", "5": "0.11181161", "6": "0.22962011"}}