{"text": "Of the hundreds of shoes my wife has, a small percentage of them have been damaged from normal wear and tear. I told her I could fix them, so she put me to the task. The only reason I knew about Shoe Goo is because I distinctly remember the product back 20 years ago when I was a teenager and my brother was a waiter at a local restaurant. You see, I knew he had to use it often to repair his shoes. I'm assuming grease or something from the restaurant frequently made the soles separate from the shoe. However, I remember it just because I thought it was cool that a \"gel substance\" was able to turn into rubber after drying.  So as a kid, i would steal his Shoe Goo and play with it.I haven't seen this product in a while and after looking at Walmart & Target with no luck, I decided to find it on Amazon. I'm a Prime subscriber, so obviously I choose Amazon Prime flagged products before any others, but my ritual of reading reviews from Amazon made me aware that for this product, not everything is as it seems. You see, Amazon sells two different sizes of Shoe Goo both via them and other sellers. Had I not noticed some of the reviews for the other Shoe Goo products Amazon sells, you would never know there was another size. Take this one for instanceShoe Goo. Be sure to select \"Clear\" and not \"Black\". \"Ships and Sold by Amazon.com\" for $6.40 and Amazon Prime Eligible. Notice anything? THAT PRODUCT IS A 1 OUNCE TUBE. Nowhere in the description does it say the size. The ONLY indicator is the packaging picture, which at the bottom lists it at 1 FL OZ. Thanks to the other reviewers on Amazon, I am glad I did not pull the trigger to purchase that.So looking around a bit more with my new-found knowledge, I did comparison shopping on the \"Shoe Goo\" query and found that Amazon also sells another Shoe Goo but in the 3.7 FL OZ size. The difference is that it's not Amazon Prime eligible and it's actually one of the few times that Amazon Prime did not help me.As for the product, I know/heard you can use it for other applications but I used it simply to repair my wife's shoes. Most of her shoes had the sole separating from the shoe and after a few dabs/smears of this product and cleaning up the excess, everything was back to normal. Even on heels (where the bottom layer breaks off), i was able to reattach the layer on the back heel without any problems. Just be sure to let the goo dry/cure for a few days to maximize the repair (otherwise it will be a bit flexible and you might have to do the repair again).Finally, I purchased my 3.7 Oz Shoe Goo Clear from the seller named \"Deerso\". I'm a big advocate of listing who I bought from (if not Amazon) so that others can be aware of good sellers in my reviews. From Deerso, I got this 3.7 Oz Shoe Goo for $4.00 + $1.92 shipping/handling with no issues with my order. So for $5.92, I got 2.7 ounces MORE and CHEAPER than the Amazon Prime listing of $6.40.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.12344923", "1": "0.2686269", "2": "0.2061769", "3": "0.056870844", "4": "0.13245642", "5": "0.032092415", "6": "0.18032733"}}