{"text": "I bought this case with the hope that it would adequately house some of my larger watches, and because my collection has grown beyond my present storage capacity. My first case is nicely made with solid watch pillows, but it is just a bit on the shallow side, presenting a small problem with the larger models.This case is very well made. With a leather outer shell, larger depth and front to back dimensions, it is adequate for any size watches and worth the low price.On the plus side; the individual watch compartments are more than ample for any size watch, even oversized ones. Too bad the maker CHINTZED out on the interior fabrication.On the negative side; the accessory pocket is okay, but it would have been better placed higher on the lid. Positioned as it is, any contents, with even the slightest bulk pinch down upon the watch compartments below. The inner material is paper thin and the dividers seem to be made of a far too easily damaged material, perhaps some sort of cardboard. You can't expect wood dividers at this price, but come on -- the maker could have done better that cloth covered cereal box cardboard.Even this could be tolerated, if it were not for the horribly inferior, so-called \"watch pillows. These are easily the worst I have seen. Nothing more than flimsilly made, shaped cardboard boxes, covered with very thin velveteen flannel. They do not fit the watch compartments, not even close. And they are far too small in circumference to provide an adequate fit for even the smallest of watches. They should at least fit snuggly from side to side, but there are excessive gaps between the sides of the little round boxes and the sides of the watch compartments. Together, these deficiencies do not provide stable support for watches, too much opportunity for contents to bounce around, and literally poor protection in every respect. The watches just flop around, totaly unsupported and unsecured. Folded socks and a tupperware box would provide better protection.What started out to be a very nice leather travel case, ends up a very poor wannabe. Addition of some Baby Socks to the watch boxes may help to improve some of these deficiencies, but there's no way to make that look anything but tacky. It's too bad, because the basic case itself is very well made for a product in this price range.Overall I was very dissapointed in this product. Because I do not feel that I can trust it to safely secure my more expensive time-pieces, it has become the storage case for my less expensive, seldom worn wrist watches.As stated, the price is right, and I will experiment with a few retro-fit ideas. Perhaps with a bit of patience I will be able to turn it into a serviceable case. But overall, if I had it to do over again, I would choose a different product.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.069675416", "1": "0.2403994", "2": "0.32696864", "4": "0.17358689", "5": "0.02660848", "6": "0.1606174"}}