{"text": "When I ordered these shorts, I decided to go with charcoal, since I have about a million workout shorts in black. I didn't order these to work out in (Adidas shorts work best for me personally for that purpose). Rather, I bought these to sleep in and for when I am lounging around the house. I knew I wouldn't use them to work out in because they are long.They have a roomy fit. I have put on some pounds lately since my schedule has precluded me from going to the gym as I have been traveling out of town for work about half the time and also not eating very well on the road and my regular shorts had gotten a bit snug. I bought these to tide me over till I lose the lbs I have put on recently.The fit is fairly generous, and I probably should have gone a size smaller, as I have to tie the drawstrings tight just to keep them on. That is no big deal, if I had the time I would have just gone into a store and tried a pair on, but I didn't, so I just took my best guess as to what size I needed. Having a generous fit, when you are just going to be sleeping in the shorts or maybe lounging around in them before bed, isn't a big deal and is certainly better than them being too small. However, my disappointment is with the color. They look more like a dark hunter green to me than charcoal. I have several charcoal suits, pants, socks, etc as it is a great color on men in a business setting. Formal yet without being dour, in my opinion. However these shorts don't look like any of the other charcoal clothes I own. In fact if I was going to be wearing them to the gym I would return them. I honestly, thought it was a mistake and that I had been sent a green pair of shorts when I first opened the package, but the packing slip said charcoal and they don't even carry a green, so this must be their charcoal. If you are on the fence, go with black, much safer color, and I am sure more true. How can you mess up black? Just an FYI.Also, the shorts are long. Price was a determining factor for me, since I will be the only one seeing these, and for the money, these seemed to be the best deal here. However, they are very long. Of course you know that since they say they are 22 inches. However, I am 5' 8' and these come well past my knees, almost mid shin. As a grown man, I would be embarrassed to wear them out even to run to the grocery store, as their length on a guy who is average height is a little bit comical.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.23299655", "1": "0.21118669", "2": "0.052802432", "3": "0.19617264", "4": "0.12040395", "5": "0.18362816"}}