{"text": "I have been wearing Birkenstock for 22 years.  I am convinced that my feet, hips, knees and back have stayed healthy because I have worn them almost exclusively for my adult life. After trying 1 pair of sandals (that I had for several months) and 2 pairs of clogs in the Soft Footbed, I have concluded that the Original Foot Bed (OFB) is for me.  I have small feet for my size, and very small toes. So I need supportive, comfortable shoes or I get foot pain, hip pain and knee pain. All of my arches are normal. The OFB gives complete support and comfort to all of your arches, heels, and toes because it molds to your foot.  In the Soft Footbed has the OFB under the cushion layer, but the cushion keeps the footbed from molding to my foot.  The foam layer in the  SFB offers more cushion, but less structure and support, because of this I was always having foot pain with the SFB. Keep in mind that the shock absorbency in Birkenstocks comes from the layers of material in the OFB. You can't walk for miles in foam house slippers with no pain, but you can in a pair of Birkenstocks. It seems like customers of the Soft Footbed Birkenstocks have commented that there is less break in time than the Original Footbed. But that may be due to the fact that the cushion keeps the footbed from molding completely to your feet. I don't know. I only need 2 days to break in an Original Footbed Birkenstock,  and during that time I have no pain, the shoe is just a bit stiff and doesn't have an imprint of my foot in it. I have read that people who have fallen arches find the SFB more comfortable.To give another try the SFP this year I bought the Boston Clogs in Olive Suede and Jasper Suede with the Soft Footbed.  They both were so beautiful, (the Olive Suede- GORGEOUS) perfect for a spring-summer-early fall wardrobe.  Unfortunately, they did not support my feet like my Original Footbed clogs, and gave me pain in my feet and knees. No heel pain though. Plus, they kept falling off my feet (part of why I think the foam in the SFB keeps them from molding to feet).  I gave the SFB clogs to a friend of mine who has not worn Birkenstock before.  She absolutely loves them, wears them all the time, and says they have the most comfortable arch support she has ever had.  It's funny, shoe needs are so specific to peoples feet. In conclusion I am all for the SFB just not for me.  I think that Birkenstock is only capable of making shoes that are the highest quality and alleviate foot pain for individuals who wear them. Nothing beats Birkenstock quality, and their leathers and colors are always very high-end. I just hope that Birkenstock continues to make many different colors and soft leathers (suede)  in the OFB.  It seems like all the pretty colors come in the SFB more and more, but I hope the OFB starts to get more soon.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.15997094", "1": "0.22655493", "2": "0.082585596", "3": "0.18145305", "4": "0.16246422", "5": "0.029731812", "6": "0.15723948"}}