{"text": "Six months after I bought the High Sierra Loop Backpack, one of the shoulder straps started ripping apart at the seam, and the zipper to the front pocket had broken off (the backpack was gently used). I think the high ratings for this backpack may be due to early user experiences. This backpack (my copy of it at least) isn't very durable. Note, too, that I bought the backpack from Amazon direct, NOT from a third party seller.I've had JanSport backpacks that have held up to *years* of heavy use. If you're looking for something more durable, you might want to spend a little more to get a JanSport or a The North Face backpack (both of which are renowned for their quality and durability).You may, however, opt to buy this backpack anyway since this backpack has received mostly positive reviews and my experience may be an isolated instance. Here are the specifications to help you decide whether this backpack is right for you:Compartments------------&#9679; 2 Side PocketsEach of the two side pockets has an elastic band and see-through mesh netting. Each pocket is an ideal place for putting a water bottle, a pair of hiking poles, or even a tripod. I use one of the pockets for a camera tripod and the other for a water bottle when I'm out shooting.&#9679; 3 zippered compartmentsThere are 3 other zippered compartments besides the main zippered compartment.1. The largest of the compartments (located in front of the backpack) has lots of pockets for putting your calculator, cell phone, stationery, etc. It has plenty of room; it will fit 3 or 4 small paperback books, just to give you a rough idea of its size. There's a hook for attaching your keychain too.2. The topmost compartment has an opening for threading the wire of a pair of headphones/earphones through so you can listen to music while the MP3 player is safely stowed away in the compartment.&#9679; Water-Resistant LiningThe insides are lined with nylon, which makes backpack water-resistant.o NO Hydration CompartmentThe backpack is NOT hydration compatible (i.e. you can't use it with a hydration bladder -- without modification at least). There is no pocket to hold a hydration bladder, and no outlet for the tube from the hydration bladder. I did modify the backpack by cutting a small hole in the pocket of the topmost compartment so I can thread a hydration tube through the hole, and then through the opening (meant originally for the wire of a pair of headphones/earphones). Still, the lack of a pocket means the hydration bladder can slump over, which will interfere with the flow of water from the bladder to the tube.Size----&#9679; The High Sierra site lists the size as follows:Size: 19.5\" x 14.5\" x 8.250\"Capacity: 1949 cubic inchesIt's a bit bigger than the smallest backpacks but not too big. Personally, the size of this backpack suits me *perfectly*. I wanted a backpack with plenty of room to carry the essentials but not one that is over-sized and clumsy.Straps------&#9679; Shoulder StrapsThe shoulder straps are very comfortable even with a heavy/fully-loaded backpack. It has an elastic pocket for putting your cell phone so you always have your cell phone within easy reach.&#9679; Bottom StrapsThe bottom of the backpack has a pair of straps for strapping on additional equipment you need to bring along.&#9679; Side Compression StrapsThe side compression straps can be used in tandem with the side pockets to keep your stuff safely secured.o NO Sternum Strap & Waist StrapThis backpack has NO sternum strap (also known as a chest strap) and NO waist strap. For full-on hiking, this backpack may not be the ideal choice. If you're hiking for long periods, you *need* to have a sternum strap for keeping the shoulder straps in a position on your shoulders most comfortable to you, and you *need* a waist strap to distribute some of the load from your shoulders to your waist.---The High Sierra Loop Backpack is a medium-sized backpack that has plenty of pockets. You can use it for school, camping, and light hiking, or as a general purpose daypack.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.0735926", "1": "0.20421258", "2": "0.2732487", "3": "0.15662788", "4": "0.021917589", "5": "0.17429034", "6": "0.096110314"}}