{"text": "Well, per my podiatrist, I bought two pairs of these, first in a store to get advice about size and fit, and then the second pair online here at Amazon.  I'm a size 11, so I'm lucky, these fit my shoes and feet perfectly.  No trimming or cutting or adjusting required.  The  break-in adjustment period was long for me, more than a couple weeks.  They changed my walk and my stride, put pressures on the high arches of my feet that I've had all my life, but which never caused any foot pain til 6 months ago out of the blue.  My arches were sore for a couple weeks while I broke them in, and that's not the pain I bought them for, but rather some heel pain (retrocalcaneal).  My podiatrist has since adjusted the superfeet three times by adding custom padding.  While he says they solve the problem for a lot of people and he initially thought they would for me too, I'm now going to have to have a custom orthotic at increased cost.  So, I don't know what I'm going to do.  I think one pair I can actually return to the bricks and mortar store even after more than a month under the warranty and still get my money back.  I'm not convinced the custom orthotic is going to solve my pain problem either.  So, I can't exactly find fault with the product, but not sure that I'd recommend them either.  But I definitely wouldn't recommend self-diagnosing your problem and buying these based just on your own research.If you're having a problem, see a podiatrist if you have insurance and get professional advice.  If you can't afford that, I'd recommend the Dr. Scholl's orthotics where you can get a computerized scan of your foot and get a recommendation for a specific size and style of OTC orthotic based upon the computerized analysis.  These things are just another cushioning insole like gel feet or similar products.  They really mess with your feet and have the potential to help or harm.  This is my experience after wearing these daily for over two and one-half months exclusively in very comfortable Brooks Running shoes and Brooks Addiction Walker walking shoes.  Good luck!Update:  Well I've had custom orthotics for about a week now and they really are far superior to these Superfeet.  If your podiatrist recommends custom orthotics, they do work and are better with a custom fit than these over the counter products.  More comfortable and am now pain free.  I also wore the Superfeet for about another month, but adjusted them by removing some of the padding that hurt my foot.  It was too much padding.  If they are not comfortable after a few days or a week, something is wrong.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.10543162", "1": "0.34269875", "2": "0.07552921", "3": "0.20481686", "4": "0.16798957", "5": "0.057181522", "6": "0.046352543"}}