{"text": "I have had this watch for 3.5 years now, with no major complaints, finding it to be a great everyday use watch.This may sound preposterous, but I purchased this as a replacement for a Rolex Submariner that I received as a gift 20 years ago.  The Rolex was a great watch, although a bit big and heavy.  Servicing it was more than the cost of this watch, and the latest repair would probably be ten times the cost, so into the safety deposit box the Rolex went.  I do miss the ability of the Rolex to be completely submerged, having used it as a dive watch for years before giving up the sport, but the Citizen is much better for everyday use.It is hard to find tasteful, well made, and reasonably priced watches, which I believe the Citizen mostly satisfies.  With the exception of the strap, that is.  I did not care for the big metal grommets for the holes, but it was otherwise OK.  The watch is not too gaudy, with plenty of function, including an easy to read dial, second hand, and day/date.  As noted, I did not care for the strap and suspected that the leather/nylon material would get a bit funky with use, as others have noted. After a year or so, I replaced it with a plain nylon olive drab band that is a little easier to keep clean and odor free.As for accuracy, the watch requires only a 1-2 minute adjustment every few months, if that.  Anyone that has come from a self-winding watch (even high end models from my limited exposure), should know the need for regular adjustments.  My Rolex was off by several minutes every month, so I was happy to not have to adjust a watch as often.  My job requires a high level of precision, so having a good, accurate timepiece is a necessity, and this watch does that.  This is all based upon the online Navy atomic clock as my reference time, not one of those radio synchronised clocks, which I find to vary widely.As noted, the dial is easy to read, with the day/date function very useful for those of us confused about the day of the week (I'm a bit absent minded about the year at times!).  The black face makes it easy to read the dial.  Nighttime viewing is not as great as a doped display, but acceptable for the cost (not electroluminescent, alas).  The crown is protected by arms on either side, which is a welcome touch for those of us not so coordinated, and I have not had any issues with the crown or arms.The crystal sits proud of the surface, as crystals usually do, but I rather wish it had some sort of raised protection outside it, as the crystal has become very well scratched with use.  The scratches have only been more noticeable in the last year, so it is not all bad, and the watch is still readable. If I get another two years out of the watch, it will be a good value in my opinion, and if the watch is still for sale, I will probably order another one from Amazon (rather tempted to order one now and set it aside).  Coming from the scratchless sapphire crystal of a Rolex, I assumed this would happen, so I cannot say I am surprised.  A sapphire crystal would probably make the watch too expensive (although I wish it were an option, if Citizen is reading this), and as I well know, sapphire crystals are easily shattered from three foot drops onto hard tile floors...  So the crystal used is a fair trade I suppose.One of the selling points to the watch is the Eco-Drive function, which as is illustrated with the watch listing, charges the built-in battery using available light from the dial's nearly perfectly hidden, baked-in solar cell.  This was what finally sold me on this match, as I dislike quartz watches and their annoying battery replacements (I own several Seiko quartz watches).  The battery in the Eco-Drive is supposed to last 20 years if I recall correctly, so I expect it will outlast the crystal (see above).Given the strap issue and scratching I'm taking away one star, but still like, and use the watch daily.It is a great watch with caveats, and recommended.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.10525537", "1": "0.33120796", "2": "0.18436378", "3": "0.100600414", "4": "0.1495069", "5": "0.03900516", "6": "0.090060405"}}