{"text": "Most people know about Tilley hats by now so I won't belabor the finer points of the handmade hats with the lifetime free replacement if it wears out or the two year replacement for half price if it's lost or the gimmicky \"brag tags\" and \"secret pocket\" in the crown. Needless to say, some of this is sales hype but some of it is evidence of high quality materials and workmanship.  Personally, I've found the Tilley hats to be well worth the cost.When my hair started to thin, I realized I needed more than just occasional sun protection when outdoors.  Although I own a lot of various forms of headwear, I didn't have anything I considered universally acceptable.  My search ended when I bought my first Tilley--a TM10 (also reviewed here on Amazon).  That TM10 is a fine hat for outdoor recreation and work but it's a little too casual with its broad brim and mesh crown.  I needed something more presentable that could be used for virtually any occasion.  Enter the Tilley TH5 hemp hats.I own two TH5 hats, one of each currently offered color.  I've found them to be well made, lightweight and comfortable.  The hemp fabric is of a loose weave so you get a little extra ventilation.  In the hot, humid deep South summers where I live, ventilation is important.  There are no hats made that can keep your totally comfortable under these conditions but these hats do as decent job as can be expected while providing sun protection to head, face and neck.  In cooler months, even lightweight headwear can hold in some body heat and improve comfort.  In more frigid conditions, a fur or woolen hat would be a better choice but we get few really bone-chilling winters in my area so a lighter weight hat is useful year round.  As for looks, the natural color hat fits well within all casual occasions while the mocha (brown) color hat can present a slightly more dressy appearance while still maintaining the usual Tilley level of comfort.  I suppose a truly formal occasion would require something else but these Tilleys serve virtually all of my requirements.I'm impressed with the material, construction, comfort and usefulness of these hemp hats.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.07459551", "1": "0.27095723", "2": "0.14767985", "3": "0.13817722", "4": "0.117496796", "5": "0.13443018", "6": "0.11666319"}}