{"text": "This series of Diadora soccer bags comes in a variety of colors and 3 sizes.  I own the forest green/black bag in the small size.This bag contains the following compartments:* One Large inner compartment.  The compartment includes a plastic-covered \"floorboard\" to give the bag some structure.  Some bags do not include this part, which makes a bag more difficult to carry.* One small zippered pocket on one end.  The pocket is somewhat small and is vented.* One ball net on the other end.  The net is a \"bungie\" type and will fit a Size 5 ball or smaller.  It could also be used for wet clothing, etc.Obviously you could use the bag for several sports, although with the ball net, its intended use is to carry soccer accessories. The bag appears to be well made and is constructed of decent nylon/PVC.  The shoulder strap has a padded middle for resting on your shoulder and the strap is adjustable to various lengths.  The overall size is approximately 17\" long, and the bag's height and width is about 11\" each.  If you plan to keep a ball in the net, add another 10\" or so to the length.This product is best suited for a soccer player who needs to bring his uniform and accessories to school and the field.  This bag will fit in a typical full length locker.  It will not fit in some half length lockers unless you empty some contents and fold the bag a little.Here's what I was able to put in it and my son was able to easily fit it in his school locker....Fully loaded (and in need of a slight shove to get in the locker):In the main compartment, I put:* One pair of cleats, men's size 8 1/2* Two uniforms (home and away jerseys and two pairs of shorts)* Two pairs of shin guards* Two pairs of socks* One pair of slider shorts with cup.* Four water bottles, approximately 1 liter each.In the outside pocket:* A hand towel.  It won't hold much more.In the ball net:* A size 5 ball.All of these items fit easily with plenty of room to spare.  Being that my son's locker, like most school lockers, is fairly narrow, he had to give the bag a slight shove to get it in the locker.This bag comes in two larger sizes, however if you do need to put it in a locker, anything bigger than this one could be a nuisance to fit.Because the interior compartment has no dividers, please consider that you have no place to keep dry/wet, clean/dirty items seperated.  That is where the net can help, or you may want to throw a couble of plastic bags in the bag. Also, the floorboard, although covered in a heavy plastic, is cardboard so eventually it will soften.  I don't consider these major flaws, given the price of the bag.  In fact, my bag has lasted through much use for over two years, and at onbe point I cut the endge of teh removable floorboard piece witha  razor, pulled out the cardboard and inserted a piece of plastic to make the bag even stronger.  Or, ofr the price you may want to just buy another bag after a couple of years.This bag is a good value, especially considering it is very inexpensive.  It appears to be able to perform as well as, if not better, than other bags I have from other makers.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.045995254", "1": "0.22957747", "2": "0.2641007", "3": "0.07890516", "4": "0.15399076", "5": "0.1814648", "6": "0.045965865"}}