{"text": "One week in, this backpack cooler has been great. It's very well made and intelligently designed, with plenty of storage for all my lunch items and various doodads. The front pocket is just the right size for my 7&#34; Kindle Fire and a couple of other items. The insulation seems to be of adequate thickness, and it has thus far kept my stuff cold when necessary, and it has not leaked water from the condensation of ice packs. The mocha color is great, and this is an attractive backpack that I have no qualms about hauling around- plus, the size is perfect. It's plenty big enough for what it needs to be, but not so large that you would hesitate to bring it on a day trip or wherever else you might need to go. I've found myself throwing it in my car when I take off somewhere... it's super handy! There a lot of thoughtful touches, such as a sturdy carabiner,  and LOTS of pockets and pouches.I purchased this backpack for $40 with free shipping from Amazon. At that price, it's a steal. I could have purchased something vastly inferior at one of the nearby big box stores (I looked there first)... but why? I would much rather spend the extra ten dollars and get a backpack that actually looks good and is built to superior standards for longevity. I'm going to use this for my lunch (and other things) every single day, so it only makes sense to invest in something worthwhile. I bring a LOT of food and water on the job with me, and this is way, way better than trying to jam it all into my old cooler (and it's much easier to carry, too).On that subject, I was very pleased to see that the manufacturer guarantees this product for LIFE. The only thing that I didn't like was that it claimed damage due to &#34;ordinary wear and tear&#34; is not covered (I don't expect them to cover damage due to abuse, etc.).... I'm not exactly sure what that means. If one of the major zippers breaks after being used over the course of a couple of years, the backpack will become useless. Will the manufacturer do the right thing, and honor their word? Or will they shrug their shoulders and say it's a result of wear and tear? The backpack is very well made, don't get me wrong. But if I should have an issue and the manufacturer attempts to squirm out of their responsibility, my rating will promptly descend from five stars to one. Here's hoping that Picnic Time's ethics are as good as this backpack!If you need a suitable backpack for bringing your lunch to work, or are looking for something for the beach and/or day trips... look no further! This is the one.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.08181204", "1": "0.26509076", "2": "0.18026967", "3": "0.13953479", "4": "0.05091461", "5": "0.1637196", "6": "0.11865854"}}