{"text": "The North Face Recon Backpack is a well organized and designed day pack that will serve you great on hikes, campus, or as your E.D.C. bag.Following is my breakdown of the Recon:The main compartment is padded and capable of holding a hydration bladder along with a fair amount of room for a day hike. If you utilize the Recon for school or work it is capable of holding a 15 inch laptop where the hydration bladder would normally be positioned. Inside the main compartment is a mesh zippered area that will hold a wallet and other small items such as snacks, small pair of binoculars, fire starting equipment, first aid supplies, pens, pencils, calculator, etc.The second compartment has a lot of organizational spaces for pens, business cards, 3x5 notebook, wallet and has a key holder. The compartment is a decent size and well organized.On the outside of the pack is a small water resistant zippered pocket that can hold small items that you may need to get to in a hurry such as a wallet, headlamp, flashlight, gloves, hat, etc. Below this pocket is a large front mesh pocket that can be secured and used for items you will need fast or to place any wet items so they do not have to go into the pack.On the side of the pack are mesh pockets that are made to hold water bottles. They will securely hold 16.9 fluid oz (500ml) water bottles. You can fit 32 oz. Nalgene bottles but you must use the bungy cinch cord to keep your bottle secure.The back panel is padded and ventilated but you will still sweat. If using this pack for hiking I would avoid a cotton shirt and go with something like Under Armor to wick away any moisture. The shoulder straps have some padding called FlexVent(tm) shoulder straps and tend to be a little firmer than I like but not enough to be a deal breaker. The shoulder straps each have a D ring and one of the straps has a little expandable pouch that will hold items such a cell phone, multi-tool, flashlight, or a snack. The bag comes with a hip belt that can be stowed away if you desire and check strap that aid in stability and comfort. All of the buckles are durable. The zippers are well made and very durable. All zippered areas have coverage flaps to minimize rain entering into the bag. The bag comes with side compression straps and straps on the bottom of the bag to attach items such as a jacket, sleeping bag, etc.Overall, this is a very nice low profile bag. If you use it as a small E.D.C bag you will not stick out at all. There is no \"military look\" to this bag. It is functional, durable and very well made. I highly recommend the North Face Recon.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.058267575", "1": "0.1226627", "2": "0.26268423", "3": "0.17137046", "4": "0.11830405", "5": "0.041988112", "6": "0.22472283"}}