{"text": "I have been looking for a good spring\\fall jacket like this one for a long time. I had one years ago and my son borrowed it and of course left it somewhere and I have been on a search for a replacement ever since. I have purchased at least three replacement and none of them had the qualities I was looking for similar to my old one - comfortable fit, wrinkle resistant, wind resistant and easy to clean. This jacket has all that and more.I ended up purchasing two jackets that seemed to fit the bill, this one and the London Fog Men's Auburn Zip Front Mesh Lined Golf Jacket. I could not decide between the two so I got them both and ended up sending back the London Fog. So this is somewhat a comparison review between the two.The London Fog had a few nice features I liked over this one, the sleeves were a bit longer and did not have cuffs, and the pockets had a zippered pocket next to a regular open pocket which I thought was pretty slick. Plus the front zipper was hidden which gave it a nice look. But it was a bit short and the mesh lining did not feel good against the skin. The main reason I went with this jacket though was the microfiber material. It came out of the shipping bag with virtually no wrinkles and what it did have disappeared in minutes after unpacking. The London Fog in no way could compare when it comes to being wrinkle free and that is what I liked most about my old jacket. You can wad this jacket into a ball and tuck it in a drawer for a day, pull it out, give it a shake and you're ready to go. It's that wrinkle resistant. The lining on this jacket is much more comfortable against the skin too. Very comfy to wear even when driving.At first I did not think I would like the stretch style cuffs and waist band, but now that I have worn it for a bit I like it a lot. I carry a concealed weapon and it helps hide any bulges nicely. I also wear a lot of shirts that do not tuck so when I go out I curl them up under the waist band until I get where I'm going. It works out well.The jacket is perfect for cool mornings when I walk into work from our company parking structure where it can get pretty cool. Even when it's 70+ degrees it's not too uncomfortable to put on for the walk back to the car after work. It keeps you pretty warm down to the mid 40's no problem. It breaks the wind well and while it's not waterproof it does the job when there is a light rain and dries quickly afterwards. I keep it in the back seat of my car so it's there when needed. You could easily use it as a golf jacket, but I don't since the sleeves are a wee bit short for that. Not to short for normal wear but to swing a golf club it would feel restrictive. But I have very long arms so it's common for me to deal with this problem, if you have more normal length arms, it would work well for this too.I like it so much I plan to get a second one of a different color. I have had more than one person comment on how nice a jacket it is so there is that. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a stylish, practical spring/fall jacket. If you have any questions feel free to let me know, I'd be happy to help with your buying decision.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.11189805", "1": "0.24416025", "2": "0.30741295", "3": "0.08287114", "4": "0.08341462", "5": "0.113932095", "6": "0.05631089"}}