{"text": "I've been wearing Playtex for years and years (over four decades).  Its the best made bra out there (yes, I've cheated a few times and tried different brands from time to time, but I always come back to Playtex).  Most of the complaints I see on this board are women who just don't know how to fit a bra or wash it properly.I suggest you complainers go to a professional and get yourself fitted properly; and while you're there make sure they show you how to put a bra on properly.  That's why you get that cone shape, you're not putting your breast in the cup correctly.  Your bra is on wrong!  Or its an improper fit.  Go to Playtex and watch their video on how to fit yourself properly so you can buy a bra that fits instead of blaming Playtex.If you're even a B or C cup(and really probably an A or AA cup), you don't just don a bra and wear it out and think its going to look great.  You have to take a minute or less to put it on properly.  Mine have no cone shape when I bend forward and place my breasts into the bra properly.  The straps are comfortable, no stretch around the band after I've worn them for four or five years. They give me great support without that awful underwire that I have a personal distaste for since I had to wear them in the early 70s and boy were they uncomfortable back then!).I wear my bras under tees, under sweaters.  They look great and they keep me supported for years, which is especially important for a 42DDD.  They've never ridden up in the back, even as they age (one of the few brands that won't ride up on me, eventually).  I purchase the size I need.  If you want a bra that pushes your breasts up so you can let the world enjoy them, get that style of bra (Playtex has them), don't just buy a smaller bra, thinking it will do the job.  It won't.  It will just look like you're wearing a bra that's too small.If you're 37\" wide below or above your breast, that doesn't mean you wear a 37\" band.  You have to add your cup size to it, which varies from a few inches to over six inches, depending on your cup size.  Please, please, please, watch the video and spend just a couple of minutes finding the proper fit.  You'll feel much better in bra that fits.Scratchiness?  Did you wash the bra by hand with mild soap before you wore it?  And make sure you rinsed it very thoroughly?  Did you line dry it?  I've seen reviewers post on clothes they have worn, but haven't even cleaned yet.  How can you tell anything by that?You know if you don't follow directions and make an honest effort to buy the correct product, it not very fair to rate a bra one or two stars because of your own errors.As to the woman with the gooey mess.  You must have worn it for years, or dried it in a very hot dryer or something because I've yet to see that happen with any of my Playtex bras, and there are a few I've had for years.  They still work, years later and never caused a gooey mess.So follow the simple directions and enjoy your new, wonderful Playtex bra for a long time!  You just need a tape measure and a tiny bit of research.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.080047734", "1": "0.23268354", "2": "0.14452045", "3": "0.32065862", "4": "0.12074694", "5": "0.052627277", "6": "0.048715454"}}