{"text": "I got this jacket for Christmas a few weeks ago, and while I've never owned a Carhartt jacket before, I could tell it would be very useful just by the quality of the materials. My job, while a very physical one, isn't outdoors, but since I live in Oregon, and walk/bike 3 miles to and from work most days, a good rain jacket is a necessity. This one certainly gets the job done, and I've been wearing it on an almost daily basis, and have thrown my thin rain coat into the closet, never wearing it since getting this beauty. The short story is that there's literally nothing wrong with this jacket. Not in terms of design, comfort, durability, none of that. But you definitely need to try one on before ordering, or at least make sure you check all the sizing info right down to the exact measurement. Since this was a gift, and the tags were taken off, I wasn't able to exchange it for a smaller size. I got a Medium and it can literally wrap around me like a robe. Just for reference, I'm 5'10\" and 155lbs...pretty average when it comes to it, but these suckers definitely run big, as others have said. Even though I match the size on chest and arms according to the size chart, I'm a small in the waist portion, and that might be what these go by.The amount of storage you get with this jacket is great. You have three standard pockets on the front: two near the waist and one on the left breast. These are very roomy and can close with zippers. I've fit an entire bicycle cable in one of these, with enough room for my keys and iPod in its case. On the inside, you have one pocket on each side, with one of them featuring an additional smaller pocket for small things like a lighter, change, anything like that. The inside of the jacket is lined with a mesh-like material, but the pockets are all reinforced, so there's no worrying about one of them suddenly getting a hole or anything like that. The jacket closes with both buttons and a zipper, ensuring that wind and rain won't even come close to your clothes underneath. What really got me was that they put an extra little flap that goes over the collarbone area. It might not seem like it'd help much, but it definitely makes a difference on windy nights. Carhartt even went the extra mile in giving the neck closure several strips of velcro, all perfectly put on and very sturdy. And the hood is fastened on with buttons, so you can remove it if you wish. But you know what the best feature is? The openings at the bottom of the sleeves feature additional cuffs, like the athletic under armor shirts. Not too loose or too tight, these cuffs will keep wind out 100% of the time, and as much as I like the jacket, if it weren't for these, I'd probably give it 4 stars instead. Whoever thought to put these on is a genius. How many times has wind went up your sleeves in other coats or jackets while you're just walking around, messing up with your comfort? That won't happen here.And do I even have to mention the waterproof factor? You can wipe the raindrops right off, and no matter how hard it's poured when I go home, this jacket has never stayed damp overnight like others I own. When I get home, it goes on the coat rack, and when I leave for work the next morning, it's as if it was never in the rain.Since I got a bigger size than I'd like, this may not apply to one that would've fit, but the hood on this thing is pretty big. So big that it doesn't move when I turn my head to look left or right- it just stays in place, not flexing with movement. If you get a chance to try this on before buying, make sure you put the hood on to see if the same thing happens. I know at the beginning of this review I said that I love everything about this jacket and there's nothing wrong with it, and I stand by that. Maybe it just doesn't move around because of the size issue. I don't know. If you wear a hat though, everything's fine.This is one of those rare cases where the price of the clothing is justified. Not only is the jacket comfortable (if a bit big), but it really does protect you from the rain and wind. This is the kind of thing you'll be keeping for a long time if you get it. And hey, it comes in a cool variety of colors too.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.08177086", "1": "0.29421234", "2": "0.3309965", "3": "0.12748364", "4": "0.035228312", "5": "0.072667375", "6": "0.05764093"}}