{"text": "I got these because I am often bending down to wipe things off.  This means my feet start to hurt in the front part(the ball and the toes) most insoles don't have much padding in the area's I need them so I went for these as they have some extra cushioning in the front part of the foot.  the down side of these is they are like breaking in a new pair of shoes.  I put them in my work shoes and wore them to work and instead of helping my feet they made them hurt worse.  After several days of wear they still make my feet hurt, but everyday they seem to be better and better as they are starting to break in.  I can't give them a great review as my feet are still hurting, I hope in the future they get broken in and stop hurting my feet.  The cushion in the front of these isn't much at all but I guess a little bit of something is better than nothing.After the initial break in period, these seem to be doing well.  They could still use a bit more padding in the forefoot, but they are starting to be quite comfortable in my red wing work boots.  If you are buying these for a long hiking trip I suggest you get them a few weeks ahead of your trip to make sure you get them broken in before you try to walk on them all day.They seem to work, but I can't see as they are that much better than the six dollar gel soles I picked up a discount store. Only time will tell, as I am hoping that these stand up allot longer than the cheap ones.had them awhile, tried to wear them, they suck! The front padding is okay but they failed to properly cushion the heel over the plastic support piece.  within a couple of weeks every step hurt, being at work I had to suffer through it, ALL DAY! ended up with blisters on both heels because I was stepping down on the top edge of the plastic on every step.Save your money, but something else, the cheap junk you buy at a dept store works just as well and holds up just as good as these expensive ones. The only reason I am giving them two stars, is the fact that they did try to address the issue of padding for the front of the foot, while everyone else is only really padding the heel.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.07387995", "1": "0.11701468", "2": "0.11585707", "3": "0.15109321", "4": "0.17321646", "5": "0.083023645", "6": "0.285915"}}