{"text": "It's hard not to like this watch. I needed a budget time keeper for work that I could bang around and not worry about what I invested into it with bonus points for actually looking nice. After a toss up between this and the stainless version, I remembered what I was using it for and went for the cheaper of the two.First, it looks far better than it does in the picture here. The faux chrome edging is shiny and reflective, the digital portion is imminently readable and the analog hands rarely get in the way of your ability to read the digital time. It's not a slim watch by any standard, but it's not a fattie g-shock either and wears comfortably. Overall, I have to say it looks reasonably stylish, as opposed to looking like you bought it off the $5 rack at walmart or just stepped off your kid's school bus.The value for the money is excellent. Digital world time, four alarms, a snooze, hourly chime, stop watch/countdown, analog glow in the dark hands, back lit digital, water resistant to 100m and perhaps my favorite of all: Tilt-o-glow. Tilt-a-what? Yeah, I didn't see that on any online summary either but I swear to God it's in the manual. Simply tilt your hand to read the watch and it automatic backlights for you. Seriously. While this watch is slightly cheaper at walmart, you simply can't go wrong with this watch anywhere under $30.00.The only drawback I can even point to so far is that adjusting the analog dial is a painfully slow to adjust. There's no dedicated manual adjust; it's one button, forward only and all ahead slow. Realistically speaking, however, how often are you going to adjust the analog anyway? It's such a small issue in my eyes that I'm still rating it five stars and would buy it again if I spontaneously lost it.*Tilt-o-glow: There's no offical name for this feature beyond \"auto illumination\" in the manual. From the main display, simply hold down the illumination button(C) for five seconds. If a little star appears by the date, you're done.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.1411813", "1": "0.15528142", "2": "0.22033718", "3": "0.18564431", "4": "0.06634637", "6": "0.2286291"}}