{"text": "There's nothing like wool socks to keep your dogs warm.  Many's been a time in my youth that my dogs'd be whimpering from the cold on extended hikes and camping trips because I thought my cotton tube socks would be enough.  Even when I had wool socks, I wouldn't wear them because they would be about as flexible and easy to put on as a wooden box and I wouldn't walk 50 yards before the #$$%! things would be working themselves into a wad down by my toes.  Boy am I glad things have changed, because these Smartwool socks have fixed all that.Toasty but flexy, designed and knit to hug your foot, cushion-y as all get out, and with the ability to resist stink and odor that's almost disturbing, these things rock.  It is indeed a strange place I've come to when I feel enthusiastic about a twenty-buck pair of socks, but here I am.  If they were any cheaper, I'd buy a dozen.  Strike that - I'd buy thirty.  Yea, I've become an avowed partisan and I'm wearing them as I speak.  These are great socks.They are a wool blend, allowing for flexibility and a design that hugs your feet.  The trade off from substituting some wool for stretchiness and longevity is well worth it, and Smartwool seems to have nailed the proper ratio of synthetic-to-wool fibers.  The length is good which, on mine, allow them to travel well nigh half way up my calf.  Which is where they stay, stubbornly, whether I am climbing up a trail or tramping down.  They have stretchy, rather thin, panels that run along the side of the foot.  At first I thought this would make my foot cold there, but it serves to better fit the sock to the foot.  While very well cushioned on the sole, they are not terribly bulky overall.  In fact, they are very un-bulky for this kind of sock, in my opinion, for they put the material where it counts:  on the sole and heel, around the toes, and around the leg.  The top of the foot gets some, and sides get the least.  This design works surprisingly well and if you like the way they keep your feet warm, you will LOVE the way they feel on your feet once you start walking, for mile after mile after mile.It's a small thing, but these also keep the odor away.  I've worn socks that I have wanted to burn after a day's hike. (My wife actually did throw them away after our return to civilization)  It's not like you can wear these for a year without taking them off, but they do reek significantly less than any other socks I've had.  They are gifted.Oh, and there's one last thing. On the inside of the sock at the very top band are the words 'FEELS GOOD' weaved into the fabric.  Like the sock is sending subliminal messages to your feet.  When I saw it I felt the same way I did when I heard words while playing Beatles' Abbey Road backwards.  What a trip.  Just adds to the appeal of the sock, really.Could they be any better?  I'd always be a fan of putting a smidgen extra wool in there, as I like heavier socks.  I can always double up, though, and these are the best I've found.  Very recommended if you walk, hike, or trek in the cold, whether in the city, country, or mountains.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.12527844", "1": "0.17194618", "2": "0.048108358", "3": "0.23110543", "4": "0.047698833", "5": "0.31754062", "6": "0.05832215"}}