{"text": "I saw a travel expert recommending this type of bag for travel and came on-line to research what the options were.  After a fair amount of looking, I settled on this particular bag in lime green.  The bag is high-quality, sturdy, and the individual pocket size is well thought out.  After using it on two different trips recently, here are some comments about the \"usability\" of the bag:- one trip was to New England and stayed in older inns with very small bathrooms.  This bag was absolutely wonderful since I could take it into the bathroom with me and hang from the towel rack, shower rod, or (if available) a hook on the bathroom door.  Several bags I looked at and didn't buy had a fabric loop to hang it with and this one has a metal, rotating hook which means I had many options about where to hang it.  The fabric loop would not have worked in a few cases.-  one trip I flew and used only a 21 inch rolling bag which I carried onto the plane.  This bag has a detachable bottom compartment in which I placed all my 3-oz or less liquids.  I snapped the bottom off and kept it in the outside pocket of my suitcase to pull out when going through security.  When I arrived where we were staying, I just snapped the compartment back onto the rest of the bag and was all set to go.-  I love the available colors and purchased mine in lime green.  This way it is very obvious where the bag is so I knew when it was packed versus potentially getting left behind in a bathroom upon early departure.  On our second trip, we left the inn at 6:15 in the morning (when I wasn't totally awake) and the bright color was most appreciated.-  One of the travel tips I saw was to have one of these bags for your accessories and undergarments so I have purchased one in the blue color for that.  You can place scarves, jewelry, socks, panties and bras in here to keep them organized and easily seen.  One of the big pluses of this particular bag is there is a zippered pocket on the back of the bag that goes all the way down.  This can be used to store dirty garments (primarily underwear) so that they are not loose in your suitcase and intermixing with your clean clothes.This may be the best, most useful product ever developed for travel and this particular brand/style is absolutely terrific.  Can't say enough good things about it --- my buying a second one says a lot.ETA on 3/10/14:  It is so much more space-efficient that my husband's usual shaving kit that I bought a red one for him.  He was fairly reluctant in agreeing to try it but has taken it on two trips now (the last one was for 10 days).  He admitted that this product does have some real advantages over what he usually used - particularly being able to hang it up and free up sink space.  Even he is sold on it.  We now own three of these!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.18951964", "1": "0.17217816", "2": "0.18839341", "3": "0.11993797", "4": "0.118558876", "5": "0.117033795", "6": "0.094378136"}}