{"text": "I've had my Seiko automatic Beige watch for a little while now. Just time enough to note that after manually winding it by whirling it around (can't wind it with the knob), setting the time and date, and wearing it on my dominant arm I have found it to be exceeding my expectations since it is quite accurate each day which, in low priced mechanical watches, is unbelieveable.I have some experience with home repair of watches, including a \"watch wrench\" to remove the back, so I was planning to have to adjust the timing accuracy. If you look through the glass back, you will see a small two pronged lever with some markings on the opposite side. Move the lever to the \"+\" side if it is too slow. But so far it is not necessary. I did have some difficulty getting it to turn over to the next day/date at midnight instead of at noon. No matter when I set it, morning or evening it continued to turn over at noon. I finally let the movement run down (took 27 hours on my bureau top) and, since I knew when it would turn over next, I wound it at the proper time and it now changes day/date properly at midnight. I didn't have this trouble with my first Seiko automatic, the one with the black face and using the 7S26C movement. The right way, I recently found out from another reviewer is: setting the watch is easy, just make sure you get the AM/PM right on it, set the day/date a day earlier and then advance the time until it flips them and then set the time. Voil&agrave;!It uses the 7S26B Seiko movement, called the \"AK47\" of mechanical watch movements. It can, according to my observation with my first Seiko automatic watch with the same movement, stay within a seven seconds a day. This is my second Seiko with the 7S26 movement. The first, the one with the black face, came from the factory just 7 seconds slow. If you spend thousands on some Swiss brands (most of which use a standard Swiss made movement), you can get adjustment down to less than 3 seconds daily. But 80 dollars vs 800 dollars or even 8,000 dollars? Let's get real!I'm planning to replace the strap, which is comfortable and well designed, with a leather band or a metal expansion band. It deserves a better wrist band because it is a remarkable little device. This is what everyone wore before digital watches became common in the seventies.Who knows how long it will last. This is the Model T of automatic wrist watches. I'm going to enjoy it for however long it runs. I think there's a certain cachet in mechanical watches in our digital world. I expect I will enjoy the risk of wearing this throwback to the mechanical era. Digital be damned.UPDATE:I've been wearing this Seiko Automatic watch for long enough to time it. My best measurement of it's accuracy is that it is within 2 seconds accurate each DAY. I don't know what to say - I certainly didn't expect an eighty dollar mechanical watch to be almost as accurate as a high priced Swiss watch. I'll have to keep monitoring its accuracy for the next week or two and let you know.This is astounding accuracy for a low priced mechanical watch. To boot, it has give me no trouble whatsoever. From just wearing it 24/7 as is my custom, it has kept running perfectly with no additional winding other than the original winding (which is what the instructions tell you to do - I wonder how many of the people who complain about it don't do that).Then, too, it's a good looking watch with the dull stainless case and the tan face. The wrist band is more comfortable than a leather or metal band.I'm truly sorry for the few people who were disappointed in their Seiko automatic watch, but I'm psyched - I feel like I got a Rolex at Timex price!", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.06994661", "1": "0.129179", "2": "0.14994296", "3": "0.18925592", "4": "0.18630427", "5": "0.120769516", "6": "0.15460175"}}