{"text": "For a long time, I bought value packs of Hanes underwear. $8 for a pack of 3 - why bother paying extra to get one CK brief when I can get 9 pairs of underwear for the same price? Then I got one of these as a gift and slowly started replacing all the underwear I owned with these.I prefer boxer briefs since they feel like the best of both worlds. The support and tightness of a brief, but the style of boxers. The material holds elasticity to not ride up. The material is very breathable. These are silky smooth, soft, and form fitting. It's like wearing lotion. The male form isn't the most beautiful thing to see, but these are shaped well enough to look good on guys. There isn't a flap in front, which may or may not bother some guys, but the way this thing is cut and the way it makes a package look it worth the trade off. Guys can be vain too. It might not be Victoria's Secret sexy, but this is Victor's Secret and is about as flattering as a guy can get.I've washed these over and over and they are holding up very well. The elastic bands on the cheaper underwear from Hanes and other brands eventually wears out and begins to fray. I haven't experienced that with these boxers at all. Over time, I'm sure that these will make up for the higher cost since I haven't had to replace any of the CK underwear I have owned in the past few years. These are also very good for road warriors who need to pack light. They compress to almost nothing and are feather light. The micro modal material also dries very quickly, so for a road warrior/traveling businessman who is stuck for a few extra days more than expected, these can be quickly washed in a hotel sink at night and be dry a few hours later.Worth it for the price? Definitely. If you are a guy (or buying for one) who has never bought underwear outside of value packs from WalMart, try these out; just be prepared to buy more to replace your entire underwear drawer. I don't think I can even go back to the value packs of underwear. They issue that stuff to convicts in prisons to punish them for their crimes. A free man on the outside deserves to have good underwear.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.10654973", "1": "0.2181256", "3": "0.11995312", "4": "0.21595286", "5": "0.10005746", "6": "0.23714739"}}