{"text": "It's so difficult to buy a bra online because it is generally one of those clothes items you just need to try on to see if it is a good fit. However, I needed a couple of good bras in different colors and wasn't in the mood to run from store to store so I carefully measured myself - at 5' 5 and a half inches tall and 165 pounds, it appeared I needed a 40B. A very difficult size to find under any circumstances. I read all the reviews and decided to go ahead and order this bra in red and a black and white in another style, the Playtex Women's 18 Hour Smooth N' Stylish Soft Cup 40B.You would think there would not be a lot of difference between the two, right? Wrong. I wish I had ordered all of the colors in the Ultimate Lift and Support Wire Free that I ordered the red bra in. I fully expected the RED bra to not be right. it not only fit me like it was made for me, but it was way more comfortable than the black and white bras! Both the black and white bras were slightly smaller around my diaphragm area, which was uncomfortable. However, I have to add that all three were very beautiful, stylish, feminine bras - not my mother's big old bra!The difference wasn't huge, but there was definitely a better fit in the RED Lift and Support bra. The diaphragm and back lines of this bra seemed slightly longer which meant it supported without suffocating me. I have thought about going up to a 42B, but have learned that when you increase the width of a bra, for a reason that makes no sense to me, they assume you also grow out in bust size as well and you end up with an ill-fitting bra with large gaps under the armpits.I still can't get the black in this bra and that is the color I wear most, but I am going to order another white in this one and probably a black in the original, less comfortable bra because I am too lazy to go looking for the black in this one. All three are really pretty to look at, there is no back flab or overhang - they all do exactly what they are supposed to do. Just this one is a teeny bit more comfortable doing it's job. I highly recommend the 18 Hour Ultimate Lift and Support Wire Free bra in all colors if you can find them. I am very grateful to Playtex and Amazon for making this usually grueling process quite pain free for me and I think I've found a bra I can count on to deliver comfort, support, and a good fit finally, in a very feminine, lovely bra that shows no lines and no sagging even under thin sweaters! Now I shall await them to make it in black!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.080970004", "1": "0.2587975", "2": "0.089340836", "3": "0.20895623", "4": "0.136043", "5": "0.02960702", "6": "0.19628537"}}