{"text": "I got a lot of compliments from having this bag.  Pretty much like every female I encountered was like \"Where did you get that bag? What is that monkey? That's a Kipling monkey? What is a Kipling monkey?\"  I am doing this brand a lot of advertising!I do actually own another Kipling bag. It is a smaller size and I got it actually for around the same price. I was a dork and I did a thorough online bag review search. That's right. I researched which bags had the highest reviews and then sorted by price and function.  I took the highest ranking items and did a cost-value comparison. There are actual websites devoted to this, so I'm not the only one!  Anyways, I went to some baggage specialty site and bought my first Kipling then. This was a couple years ago.  I used it for my travels abroad because I wanted to get something with a bunch of pockets.  You know, so I could hold my valuables safe but in the open.  Bad guys would be fooled because I had so many decoy pockets.  Anyways ---Since then, I feel like Kipling has improved even though they were awesome back then too!This bag is about the price of other Kipling bags (around $78 at time of purchase).  It is a bit more pricey, but it is still at a lower price point than the designer bags like Coach or L V.  I think this bag is a good day bag because it has many compartments.  If you pick the right color, it can go with many wardrobe items. It is a bag that could blend in with casual wear and a little more formal wear. (I took this to the streets of NYC and even to a 3 star Michelin restaurant!  No one looked at me funny.)  Nylon does feel thin though against the skin. I can see how some people may question whether or not nylon would be very durable if they are new to having a bag made of the fabric.  My other bag (that I bought years ago) has still lasted.  I just wanted a bigger bag to stuff more things into.The inside fabric color now, at least for the white bag, which I bought matches the color of the outside. I liked that. My older Kipling bag had this green tint inside which I didn't like. But this bag seems to have improved to be more color coordinated inside and out.  I found all the zippered pockets to be well placed and thought out. I could put small bills in the back. Keep some receipts in the front. Have a pouch left over for keys. Put my phone inside the main compartment. Slip in tissues into the fold in the main compartment. Bring some paper soap along with me also in the fold in the main compartment.  Plus, stuff my sunglasses inside with much room to spare.In short, I love this handbag!  It is very functional. I would recommend this for someone who is traveling and needs to bring a lot with them to feel comfortable that she is not leaving something important behind.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.05844899", "1": "0.09567331", "2": "0.09408986", "3": "0.20683064", "4": "0.19031487", "5": "0.21145867", "6": "0.14318365"}}