{"text": "Although it is highly doubtful you are still reading this, I felt like I should review it anyway.I agree with the reviews that say this watch has everything a watch should, and nothing it shouldn't. I think that is true, if it were 1985. But it is not 1985 any more. I'll start with the bad things first:a) This model, with the E suffix, is not solar powered. This means that eventually, the battery is going to die and need to be replaced. When that happens you need to change it. On one hand, the back is easy to get off. Just get out your jeweler's screwdrivers and remove the four screws. If you are not coordinated with tiny parts, don't try it. Once the back is off, the seal is broken. There is an O-ring between the stainless steel back and the chassis. It is a challenge to make sure that O-ring is back in the same spot. Also, since the CR2016 lithium battery is pretty big and the watch electronics so efficient, the battery lasts a LONG time. Mine lasted 8 years, though I don't wear it every day. With daily wear, it would probably be more like 5 years.b) Next problem.... Oh wait, there are no other problems. The watch is flawless aside from that.The fact that it uses a conventional lithium battery and not solar, coupled with the fact that it is not atomic, means that this watch can be sold for a very fair price. What you get for the price is amazing:a) Ruggedness - This was the original rugged digital watch. Before this came out, the only way to have a rugged watch was to buy a diver's watch. Those were not as rugged as this, nor as affordable. Unlike cheaper and less armored models, this model has a mineral glass crystal that is not as easily scratched as the plastic crystal on the cheaper models. Also, the G-Shock has the rubber armor that protects the crystal from glancing blows. In addition to that, it is 200 m water resistant. This is enough to go swimming with, and even scuba diving. No need to ever take this watch off!b) Accuracy - I believe the spec. for this watch is 30s per month. Mine is more accurate than this. It is so accurate, it only needs to be set once a year. No need for atomic receivers to add cost.c) Features - It has just the right amount of features. The time & calendar are all visible on the main screen; most of the time I don't even need to press any buttons. Stopwatch, for those times when I want to time something. How long does it take to ride my bike to the train station? How long before my food is served when I eat out? The countdown timer is even more useful. I use it to remind myself to change laundry and for portable cook times for steak on the grill. Dual time. Came in handy when I was in Poland early this year. One alarm, but it is a very special alarm. You can set it to go off every day at a certain time or on a certain day every month, or on a certain day in a certain month.d) Not too clunky - A lot of the newer G-Shocks are much thicker and with more corners and edges. This one is big, but it still fits under shirt sleeves. My other G-Shock (the first solar/atomic model) is probably 20% bigger. It has a couple of useless features and cost twice as much.e) Comfort - Although it has the typical Casio resin strap, it is comfortable and it doesn't break. The strap is already molded in the shape of of your wrist. This is good, because it means the strap is not getting bent again and again every time you put on or take off the watch. This feature is common to all G-Shocks. Lesser Casios don't have this and folks say that the watches themselves last forever, but the straps do not. Casio needs to get on board with nylon straps, I think.Although solar/atomic is not a required feature, they make this same watch style in a solar/atomic version. It costs more, but I think it is worth it just so that one doesn't have to worry about breaking the seal to replace the battery and not getting it back right. Technically, one is supposed to replace that gasket and clean it every time the battery is changed. But no one ever does, except Casio. If you can afford it, get the solar/atomic model, unless you really want the original!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.09579061", "1": "0.13472165", "2": "0.24975333", "3": "0.15548697", "4": "0.04325398", "5": "0.10048755", "6": "0.22050588"}}