{"text": "My biggest problem had been finding a bag that would hold supplies for my three young kids when traveling, especially on long layovers. This is a great solution - a rolling carry-on with an attached daypack that zips on and off. Same concept as a diaper bag + an extra bag with supplies that we use at home and in our car, but on the go.PROS* You can put the whole thing through the security scanner and separate the daypack once you get to your seat.* The main 22\" compartment can be wheeled like a normal carry-on or be converted into a backpack. Very useful if you're pulling other luggage, pushing a stroller, carrying a baby in a carrier and/or don't have any hands free. You could put extra diapers, formula, bottles etc for the trip in the main compartment and/ or several days' worth of clothes.* The main compartment of the daypack (12\" x 14\" x 4\") opens on top but holds plenty. The front of the daypack has a zippered section for credit cards, a cell phone holder with a Velcro flap, three pen holders, a pocket (wish it had a zipper), and a key clip. A small zippered compartment on top is ideal for small item but cannot be locked. Overall, it's the same size as a large purse (12\" x 16\" x 6\") so it works well as a bag that you can keep by your feet.* The daypack can double as a detachable diaper bag. It can hold four 8-oz baby bottles, 2 water bottles on the side mesh pockets, a 4-tier Beaba Stackable Formula & Snack Containers in Sorbet, several super-absorbent diapers such asHuggies Overnites Diapers, Size 3, 76 Count (Packaging May Vary), a pack of wipes, and a small change of clothes.* All zippers on the carry-on and day pack (except a small one on the day pack) are heavy-duty and can be secured with locks such as theSharper Image TSA 3-Dial Combination Lock (TSI-9024). The metal zipper pulls are substantial, not flimsy at all like typical backpacks where locks are easy to break.* High quality retractable handle with rubber grip adjusts to two heights - 33\" and 40\", so it can be used by either children or adults.* Comfortable padded handles on top and sides of the carry on are riveted for extra durability. A plastic handle on the bottom allows you to lift it up easily if horizontal.* Rubber piping on edges provides added protection against wear.* Rear padded flap hides adjustable, padded backpack straps until needed and provides cushioning for contents; it folds down and secures with Velcro when used as a backpack.* Smooth rolling wheels and sturdy supports allow the bag to stand upright.* Built in ID tag in back.* I'm also thinking that a car seat could be strapped onto the main compartment with aTraveling Toddler Car Seat Travel Accessory(or a similar $5 climbing strap) if the bag is full - I'm trying this on my next trip. The day pack would be detached and secured to the extended U-shaped handle with a separate built-in strap.* Once the kids are older, you can use this bag for yourself - or maybe sooner, actually.CONS* A little heavy at 10 lbs, but lighter than many other carry-ons. When stored, it is 9.5\" deep when collapsed at it's widest point, with the day pack placed inside.* The inside of the 22\" main compartment (13\" x 20\" x 7\") does not have any pockets or separators, except for a zipper to access the handle mechanism and the hard bottom. Two adjustable straps help hold the contents in place. There is a fairly large but shallow 12\" x 16\" pocket for magazines or other items on the outside of the carry-on, when the day pack is not attached.* For some reason, the zipper that attaches the daypack to the main carry-on is not as thick as the others. I'm hoping it will hold up over time, although I don't plan to put too much weight in the daypack.If you need a larger travel bag, the matchingHigh Sierra 32\" Drop Bottom Wheeled Duffleis an excellent choice. We have two that have been used for several years for cross-country travel as well as for overseas; it's great for families and couples, holds tons of stuff, has the back pack feature and is extremely durable. It can be used with two compartments or opened up into a giant one. We've even fit a Phil and Teds Portable Traveler Crib - Black inside with all our clothes. It collapses when empty and stores easily, which is useful on cruises or wherever space is limited.Anyway, two great alternatives for parents, now that the airlines are placing so many restrictions on gate-checking larger strollers and charging for baggage. In all, this two-in-one convertible carry-on is a pretty good deal.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.08322006", "1": "0.04027332", "2": "0.17763577", "3": "0.22684747", "4": "0.1725507", "5": "0.17180465", "6": "0.12766801"}}