{"text": "I bought this based on the positive reviews, and I'm happy with it. It is definitely smaller than most messenger bags, but that suits me. Since I was expecting the slightly smaller size, I don't count that against the product.  It can hold my tablet, Kindle, and a couple paper notebooks just fine. I bought it as an alternative to my nicer purses, which do not hold notebooks and my Kindle well, and that do not hold up to all the slinging around I do when out and about. Military inspired pieces are trendy right now, so I feel more pulled together look-wise using this bag instead of a tote or reusable shopping bag.However, be aware, this bag does not stand up like the picture. The picture makes it appear to be very sturdy, stiff construction. It is not. The material is thin and much softer than I expected. It reminds me more of a reusable shopping bag rather than military-grade canvas. At first, I didn't care for that aspect of it. However, now that I've messed around with it a bit, I've come to like it. When not in use, I can fold it flat and slide it alongside my boots in my closet. Easy storage is a plus. Also, the light-weight material makes it feel very light during use. I do not have the added weight of bulky material when the bag is full.The closure straps are not snaps, and that is a big bonus for me. Yes, I have to take a few extra seconds to unbuckle and buckle. But since I am carrying pricey electronics most of the time, I prefer a little extra security. Unless a pilferer snapped up my entire bag, it would be more difficult for him to reach into the bag without my notice. I haven't had my bag long, but so far I don't notice poor craftsmanship or stiff material in the straps. If I notice a problem with repeated use (and I will definitely use the straps), I'll update this.The shoulder strap is really adjustable. I bought a second bag for my 4 year old because I thought it would be a nice alternative to bulky plastic carriers for her medical toys. I was able to shorten the strap to an ideal length for her. The bag works for my purposes, and it works for hers.I got the khaki color, and it is lovely. It is a really sharp looking piece, appears to be well-made, and suits both an adult and a child's needs. I'm really happy with this purchase, and I recommend it to people.My only cautions would be to consider the fact that it is smaller than typical messenger bags, and the construction is not nearly as thick and sturdy as the picture leads you to believe. However, all things considered, this is still a 5 star product. I liked it enough to buy 2.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.22520329", "2": "0.26821867", "3": "0.17534743", "4": "0.06403935", "5": "0.12970345", "6": "0.13505746"}}