{"text": "I am a solid size seven.  I have a very wide ball of foot (front foot), and an every narrow heel.  Because of that I can only wear a size seven in almost any shoe.  If I get a half size bigger (7 1/2) my shoe will instantly turn into a flip flop.  If I get a half size smaller the ball of my feet get squished and I end up with fold lines on my foot.  OUCH!  My foot length is a solid size seven so it all works out.Okay so having read the reviews here and knowing my foot irregularities I decided to partially take the advice of the other reviewers here and order 1/2 a size bigger rather than an entire size bigger.  I was surprised to find that the shoes were exactly half a size too big.  I decided to try them out anyway and took them to my Zumba class.  It was there that I realized that the half size makes a big difference.  These are dance shoes.  They are made to fit tight like a glove (think ballet).  Your toe  big toes should rest comfortably against the front of your shoe.  (These are made to be able to dance on pointe - on the tip of your toes).  If you go too big on these shoes they will not fit right and will be extremely uncomfortable.  I found myself readjusting my foot in the shoe trying to find that sweet spot for comfort only to slip out of it again.  I left dance class with achy feet.Amazon's wonderful exchange policy made quick work of getting a new pair of shoes to me (thank goodness for Amazon Prime's two day delivery). The size sevens fit like a glove.  The tight fit ensures arch support, and ensures that my foot is always on the cushion parts (love it).  My knees no longer ache (due to the lack of traction on the shoes), my feet are cushioned against the jumps we love to do in Zumba (thanks to the thick sole under the ball and heel of the foot), and I have great cute hot pink and black shoes.If you are unsure of your size, I suggest getting the shoe in the closest fit and the half size over or under it (whichever you think will most likely fit).  Put them on in class (to avoid messing up the bottoms and allow you to return them with ease) and see which size fits you best.I know some people like to wear their shoes a half size or so larger for comfort.*****If you like your shoes to fit loosely, do not get these shoes.  They are made to have a tight fit.*****I would have given 5 stars but they need more color options.  I'm thinking a nice turquoise.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.15455745", "1": "0.08767566", "2": "0.1998435", "3": "0.30957073", "4": "0.18760933", "5": "0.058430657"}}