{"text": "I bought this jacket from Amazon because I can't find the color I wanted in any of the local stores.  However, I ran into a bit of a problem with my order.There's little more to say about this jacket that hasn't already been said. I've had Carhartt jackets in the past and I'm familiar with their quality products. This jacket is on the spendy side for a jacket without a hood, but probably well worth the money. The only issue is color. I wanted the Gravel (gray) with the black collar as shown in the picture. However when I put it in the cart, the color scheme changed (gravel with black shoulders, collar and sleeves). I sent an email to Amazon to find out which picture is correct, and I got the usual \"call center\" responses, with the \"tell the customer what he wants to hear and worry about the consequences if I make a mistake later\" mindset - including the bad grammar and poorly written emails.I couldn't get a straight answer after 3 emails - I finally gave up and figured it probably didn't make much difference anyway, because I actually liked them both. But - obviously not the point. And, after I was assured I could return it without any cost to me at all (which is total nonsense, because the last time I tried to return something to amazon for a mistake in the listing they limited the return shipping refund to $4.48 when it cost me about $12 to ship. You can't ship anything for $4.48 these days!Just beware. - Otherwise, as I said - this jacket is great. Warm, comfortable and flexible, yet relatively lightweight. If there's a negative, as a couple reviewers have already pointed out, is they want another $18 to $42 bucks for the hood, which is a little ridiculous.Most jackets like this come with removable hoods, especially in this price range. And, the price for the hood depends on which color you want - which is nonsense. The more popular the color, the more they'll soak you for the hood.  I'll probably pass on it - I don't like these marketing games and it makes the jacket too expensive for what you get out of it.I rated this purchase 3 stars rather than 5 because of the inaccurate listing and the unprofessional communique I got from Amazon concerning the product  - not because of the quality of the jacket. I should have been able to get a straight answer to my question and without any follow up emails.A year later: I really like this jacket. It looks good, I feel good in it, and it's very comfortable, if not a bit too warm. In really cold weather, it's great. I changed my rating from 3 to 4 stars.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.074221164", "1": "0.29576352", "2": "0.22709247", "3": "0.12965149", "4": "0.099871926", "5": "0.06469235", "6": "0.10870709"}}