{"text": "Often a good product goes without a review, so here is mine in the Rockport Ellingwood.Rockport Men's Ellingwood Cap Toe Oxford is an overall outstanding value in a men's dress shoe.  You can dress it up or down, an it isn't overly shiny such that it could not be world with khakis.  The shoe has excellent support, especially at the ball of the foot and at the heel.  I wore this to a trade show with several days of walking a show floor--9,000 steps on a pedometer each day, and the shoe was exceptionally comfortable on the entire 4-day trip.  The sole is polyurethane, so it did require a couple of hours to break it in.  Once broken in, the shoe flexed well with my feet.  The heel counter is padded so it collars nicely behind my Achilles tendon.  As this is somewhat of a boxed toe design, there is less room at the big toe; however, if you are  confident of your foot size (and width) then Rockports tend to fit true to their size.The style is nice, not too bulky, and they could pass for more expensive dress shoes absent the tap as you walk with traditional leather-soled dress shoes.  The shoe is well proportioned, conservative but not boring.  I use these shoes with suits and even dress up my khakis.In walking these shoes are very stable side-to-side, so the construction of the shoe is very consistent.  Running through one airport segment, the Ellingwoods complied nicely.  These are nice walking shoes and okay for running (they are Nikes nor should they be).  The Ellingwood model uses Rockport's last generation Kinetic Air Circulator insole which actually seems to pump air around the inside of the shoe.  I wear FoxRiver socks so my feet did feel drier.  Note: while this is an older model the insole is plenty contemporary and comfortable.  Grip of the polyurethane sole exuded confidence when walking wet, smooth concrete; very slip resistant.A complaint I have is about the laces on the Ellingwood not being sufficiently \"waxed.\"  Waxed laces can last all day without retying.  I would spend an extra dollar to Rockport for waxed laces.  This isn't enough to take away from the overall shoe experience.The true litmus test is whether I would buy these shoes again?  All things considered I'd answer that question with a resounding, \"Yes!\"  Highly recommended!One afterthought has to do with polyurethane soles.  I've owned brands such as Ecco, Bostonian and Sebago and Clarks.  When letting the Ecco sit idle (less than one wearing a month), the soles of both pair of shoes eventually cracked under load. Apparently this is a shortcoming of polyurethane soles and not brand-specific.  But having said that, my other pair of Rockports has a polyurethane sole yet they did NOT crack after sitting idle for a year.  That said, I trust Rockports.Second afterthought:  I have worn Rockports for over 20 years, and I keep reupping, using the World Tour Classic as a daily casual shoe.  I found Ecco to be comfortable; however, with the shoes cracking I have some consternation about the brand.  And Googling \"Ecco cracked sole\" yielded an eruption of complaints.  That said, I remain loyal to the Rockport brand.Third afterthought: The newest Rockport models employ the adiPRENE insole by Adidas, some sort of Neoprene blended insole, and they are comfortable.  I could not say they were noticeably more comfortable than the Kinetic Air Circulator insole in the Ellingwood; however, you should be aware of this.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"1": "0.25189117", "2": "0.20657416", "4": "0.15824358", "5": "0.32157013", "6": "0.057018112"}}