{"text": "I had a simple Casio analog watch with push button backlight, and I loved it. Unfortunately, it seems to have stopped functioning after only a year or so. It was very inexpensive but they no longer sell it. This watch is priced about the same and I was worried about it for several reasons. It seemed to have too many buttons and functions, causing confusion, and it's a bit taller than my old watch. I can report that my worries were mostly unfounded. The instructions are very easy to follow and, once programmed, there is very little most people will have to remember.I have no intention of using this watch as an alarm, stopwatch or anything other than to tell time and light up when I need it. It does those things quite well. It also has one more very cool feature. By pushing one button, you can set the back light to go on whenever  you lift your wrist and look at it. That setting lasts up to six hours or until you cancel it, to save battery life. I set it before going to spin class and then only need one hand to check the time in the dark. Really nice. Interesting display. The hands do not light. Instead, the digital display lights up behind the hands. But the digital display is fairly easy to read, even for those of us who normally need reading glasses. Also, it takes one simple adjustment to toggle between daylight and standard time, eliminating the need for resetting the digital time. A nice touch.The watch is a bit rounder on top than I might have preferred, but really not to big for my smallish wrists. The good trade off is that it is more water resistant, and that's very nice. I also think it has a nice appearance that makes it worth at least double the price. Overall, a good purchase and I would recommend it.One more thing. If you are worried that the buttons are confusing, or you won't have the instructions when you need them, just do what I did. Make notes on your smartphone about the functions you think you will need, and refer to those when you need help.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.12296761", "1": "0.11009978", "2": "0.15967709", "3": "0.18401948", "4": "0.23963812", "6": "0.18094082"}}