{"text": "I am 5 foot 8.5 inches and weigh 170 lbs and the Medium size vest fits me well; I like my vests slightly loose, I hate tight things.  I could gain another 10 lbs and this would still fit, even after a wash and dry cycle (because it, smartly, has polyester and cotton mix to minimize shrinking; but it does shrink a little bit, though--if you want it tighter, shrink it a bit; if it's already a little tight, hang dry only).  If you are my size and like a tight fitting vest, then you could try a small, but remember, you will load this with things that have some thickness (e.g spyglasses, camera), especially since it has inside and outside pockets (I mention below).Even at Medium, I like that it does not hang down to my rear end, oversized.  It's cut short, like a true vest, ending at my belt line or slightly below.  This is unlike a true photojournalists vest, which does hang lower.  I like Uncle Milty for the active individual: traveler, hiker, casual photographer, museum maven, and the like.  The perfect cut across the waistline.The pockets on this are monstrous, and each of the two lower pockets is 9 inches by 5 inches, as I measure it now.  They are zippered, and external to them, they have two more Velcro small pockets.  So, plenty of pockets.  I especially like the pocket in the back of the vest--it is located on the lower half of your back, accessible only from the outside with a zipper on the right side (side entry), and although you must take the vest off to get into it, it is truly amazing for storing large items.  For instance, I can store a poncho, or thin windbreaker jacket in there, folded in quarters.  Although it's against my back, it's low and comfortable.  I measured this pocket now, and it is 13.5 inches by 10.5 inches and about 0.5 inches thick (but seems to accommodate clothing, as I mentioned).  For plane travel, it can take a full iPad (just don't sit back and break it, lol), or a Kindle or books and magazines.The rear pouch that I mention also allows for great balance to the vest, to offset putting all heavy items in front and being front heavy.  This vest holds so darn much that, if one did put heavy items in front only (e.g photog equipment), then it might be front weighted (and perhaps that person would want a tight fitting vest).  A consideration.It does have three interior accessed pockets!  Nice touch.  There's one over the left chest that is about 3 inches by 4 inches, and two each low on both sides that is the same size as the low outer pockets, or about 9x5 inches.  Each of these three closes with Velcro.  So, you actually have more storage than you can see on the outside of the vest.  Amazing for storage.I do use mine for plane travel, although I do less of that now that it's so cumbersome at airports and flying.  I do drive long distances for vacation, and load this with individually packed almonds and my phone and my eyeglass case and sunglasses and camera and such.  Now, they are easy reach while I'm driving, it clears my console for other things, and when I get out at a rest stop or restaurant break, I still have all the goodies with me, conveniently, when I leave the vehicle.  How sweet is that!The build quality is fantastic.  Zippers are strong.  I like that the front is a zipper, AND a snap closure.  If I'm putting it on quickly or for short times, I either leave the front open, or to prevent it from swinging around, I just snap the big old snap on the cloth closure there (without zipping). A nice, high quality touch from the maker; thank you. Although perhaps the manufacturer could have had it zip up higher on the chest front, the way it is made does allow for plenty of neck room and arm freedom. This vest never fees confining to me.I like that it has a D ring stitched to the back of the neck to allow hanging (e.g. from your car's back seat hanger); if it was fully loaded, though, I think I'd hang it on a coat hanger (which is what I do).Mine is black, and I like that it is not as tactical looking as, say, green.  But, I am an avid hiker, and go for two hour training power hikes every other day in season(fast paced, a workout), and yet this vest does not get in the way of my arms or swing or climbing, and I have used this black vest for that purpose--now I'm buying another just for that purpose.  I'm buying a second one in green now; it's so good, one hopes that the company doesn't stop making them or change something for the worse.  So, I will use the second one to hold all my day hiking needs (binoculars, Vaseline and bandages for blisters, bug repellent, a simple hunter orange vest for hunting areas, a bucket hat, spare ID, my Garmin GPS, etc.), and after each hike I can add a couple fresh packets of raisins (I ate the ones in there to begin with) and boom, I'm ready for the next sojourn.  Honestly, the back outer low 13.5x10.5 pocket I use for my Platypus water bag (but, admittedly, I will have to stop to take it out to drink), it's that big, and I prefer it to my fanny pack in that everything is compartmentalized.  If I'm carrying a lot of fluid--in the summer, for instance--I use a dual water bottle runner's holster belt and add even a couple more bottles of water to it with carabiners (but that's another story)--I could not wear that extra water belt, or if I wanted still a fanny pack, with the vest unless the vest was cut short, like this Uncle Milty.  Thanks, Uncle Milty!With this vest, I know precisely where my cell phone or the raisins are, even in pitch dark.  No twisting around to my front or adjusting belts and rummaging around like a fanny pack.  I enjoy the distribution of weigh over my torso and not just my hips, too.  Some might prefer it the other way, though; a personal choice.I keep my Uncle Milty, loaded and ready to hike, in my mud room next to my hiking books and hiking pole, and boom, grab and go.  Efficient and good.It should be noted that, obviously, this vest is not waterproof at all.  It does soak up sweat, and is washable.  In rain, it will get very damp; I throw it in the dryer for five minutes if I get caught in a downpour.  I have a Gore-tex hiking shell that I can keep rolled up in the vest and throw it on in the event of rain.I do like this vest.  I see others on Amazon that have vented mesh and all nylon for twenty bucks, but every time I think of getting those for a change, I just put on Uncle Milty and know that it's worth the extra fifteen bucks.  I enjoy it greatly.  You will, too. Bye now.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"0": "0.04332163", "1": "0.37174776", "2": "0.06917931", "3": "0.19564208", "4": "0.19432622", "5": "0.07032736", "6": "0.05545563"}}