{"text": "These are some of the most comfortable sandals or shoes I own.  This is my second pair, having totally destroyed (ripped in half!!) my first pair.  I love them especially because I sweat so much that shoes irritate me.  I also love that you can wear socks with them--Yes, I know I am a dork:  socks with sandals.  But really, it's awesome.  I've even worn them winter camping before, and I avoided hypothermia and frost bite by wearing thick wool socks.  Also, I like wearing socks with sandals because I perspire so much that my pores become irritated if they are in direct contact with any type of even slightly occlusive material such as leather and sadly even the webbing of chacos.  Anyway, I also love these shoes because they stay perfectly glued to your feet despite harsh movement or harduse:  they are perfect, for me, airsofting even in dense woods.  One piece of advice:  do not follow Chaco's advice and do not \"floss\" your Chacos.  Regular maintenance as describe maybe recommended, but it is much preferred as an end-user to have your straps lock into position from filth/sand/grit trapped in them rather than have your sandal continually \"strangle\" your feet.  It's even worse with the big toe strap kind:  the sandal straps with continually tighten if clean as you lift your heel and the straps tighten on down the line.  One solution is to wash the sandals, but not floss them.  At least, that's what a sales person told me and mine don't move around.  My current pair is simply filthy, but still breaking in / locking up.  More advice:  the self-cleaning soles are nice:  they don't retain much dirt.  However, as I found out on a difficult late winter backpacking trip the hard way, higher traction soles would be better for slick mud or slushy snow as a result, I'm going to get my resoled with the highest traction soles.Note:  other reviews are correct.  If you get sand, especially wet sand or mud, the straps can cause chaffing on the tops of your feet.  Wearing socks can help prevent this.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.19700298", "2": "0.17727923", "3": "0.2528733", "4": "0.12537573", "5": "0.18123451", "6": "0.0640623"}}