{"text": "I think that these are fairly expensive for sandals.. plain old flip flops... But I needed some for a trip where I am going to be at the beach a lot and also walking in them a lot.. I decided to spend a bit more money and splurge on reefs I always envy on others.cons:-I think that they are a bit expensive and they are made a bit cheaper than they once were. Its sad when companies cut costs or dont pay attention to how their products are being made when they have a reputation on the line. I can tell from previous years that the material is a bit cheaper.-They look less expensive as well. These dont have as much as the reef look seeing that they are so simple you cant see any branding on them...- Reefs are rather narrow. They perfectly fit my feet, but I would never buy them for my sister without her trying them on first because they are a narrow fitting sandal... Its easy for them to make your feet look wider and bigger because the straps are so skinny, so if you dont have more delicate feet you should consider trying them on before blindly ordering them online.pros:- there is no denying that these are comfortable. They are spongy and they have a slight arch support that is hard to find in regular cheap flip flops.- the simplicity of their design and the thin straps make them easy to wear with jeans, and if you are lazy like me with skirts and dresses. they are feminine enough.- they are fine getting wet (which most sandals should be)-you dont have to break them in. You ever buy sandals and the middle part between your toes gets sore and you have to break them in? these are really soft and comfortable.. the moment that i put them on it was like i had them forever... nothing uncomfortable and the strap material is really soft and flexible.Overall I am happy that I have a pair. I might do some more research and buy a different pair of reefs next year that are a tad more exciting, but for the purposes of a good everyday flip flop these are comfortable and attractiveI wear a size 7.5 and I bought the size 8 which fit well.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.4851831", "2": "0.18774836", "4": "0.05903203", "5": "0.19308288", "6": "0.069746256"}}