{"text": "With six weeks to go in my pregnancy and the baby head down, I desperately required some form of support for all that weight straining against my stretched abdominal muscles. As I go about my day, I log at least 30 minutes of active walking between lunch hour, break, and getting to the parking lot. Add the usual up and down of an office job with another walk after supper, and the strain in front and back gets intense. Let's not even talk about when the little one is actively kicking or mobile. Enter the Mini Cradle, a solution for supporting the baby and the stomach muscles.My stressed abs wish I purchased the Mini Cradle earlier. At first glance it looks like little more than a stretchy piece of elastic gathered by bra hooks. Expensive bells and whistles, or fancy patterns, are hardly needed for something so essential and functional. A wide gap separates each triple set of bra-style hooks, allowing the belt to be let out as the stomach grows.As a 6' tall woman who carries mostly to the front and put on a lot of water weight, I worried the medium would not fit. My pre-pregnancy pant size was a 6 to 8 Tall; no telling what would work! So with Amazon's excellent return policy behind me, I took a guess. I purchased this at 32 weeks and used the smallest size on the belt except when particularly fatigued. Then I moved up to the next size if I felt I needed more room. The belt has a lot of give and stretch without sacrificing elasticity and support. If uncertain where you fall on a size, you can go up and have room to grow and adjust. I think I could have gotten away with a Small just as easily.This belt allows me and my husband to take the longer, slow walks without fears of my discomfort at the end. Once set in place, it rarely moves. It slides easily under clothes without snagging, and unlike bands made from nylon or stocking-like denier fabric, it won't roll up out of place. Nothing is worse than having a doughnut ring! I wear it against my skin and over a tank. Either way hasn't caused chafing or discomfort, though in the heat of a Great Lakes summer, I prefer fewer layers than more. Make sure to exfoliate where the belt is worn regularly to avoid any problems.As a side benefit, the belt reduces swelling in the feet and ankles because it appears to promote circulation. Some days I can't escape this problem, but I have noted a marked improvement by the end of the work day when I am usually sluggish and weary. The Mini Cradle certainly contributes to reduction of round ligament pain and that awkward strained sensation around the pelvis and the inner thigh muscles.All in all, it's a great investment. For $15, have a comfier pregnancy!", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"1": "0.2824172", "2": "0.14580327", "3": "0.18834628", "4": "0.20082344", "5": "0.06883599", "6": "0.11165896"}}