{"text": "[Update 2010-10-28]After about half a year, one of the shoulder straps started ripping apart at the seam, and the zipper to the front pocket had broken off. I think the high ratings for this backpack are based on early user experiences. I had initially rated the backpack 5 stars myself, but I'm downgrading the rating to 3 stars because this backpack isn't very durable. I've had JanSport backpacks that have held up to *years* of heavy use. If you're looking for something more durable, you might want to spend a little more to get a JanSport or a North Face backpack (both of which are renowned for their quality and durability).-- Original review follows --The backpack is perfect for school or for outdoor activities such as hiking and camping. It has plenty of pockets for putting your stuff in:Compartments------------- 2 Side PocketsEach of the two side pockets has an elastic band and see-through mesh netting. Each pocket is an ideal place for putting a water bottle, a pair of hiking poles, or even a tripod. I use one of the pockets for a camera tripod and the other for a water bottle when I'm out shooting.- 3 zippered compartmentsThere are 3 other zippered compartments besides the main zippered compartment.o The largest of the compartments (located in front of the backpack) has lots of pockets for putting your calculator, cell phone, stationery, etc. It has plenty of room; it will fit 3 or 4 small paperback books, just to give you a rough idea of its size. There's a hook for attaching your keychain too.o The topmost compartment has an opening for threading the wire of a pair of headphones/earphones through so you can listen to music while the MP3 player is safely stowed away in the compartment.Size----The High Sierra site lists the size as follows:Size: 19.5\" x 14.5\" x 8.250\"Capacity: 1949 cubic inchesIt's a bit bigger than the smallest backpacks but not too big. Personally, the size of this backpack suits me *perfectly*. I wanted a backpack with plenty of room to carry the essentials but not one that is over-sized and clumsy.Straps------- Shoulder StrapsThe shoulder straps are very comfortable even with a heavy/fully-loaded backpack. It has an elastic pocket for putting your cell phone so you always have your cell phone within easy reach.- Bottom StrapsThe bottom of the backpack has a pair of straps for strapping on additional equipment you need to bring along.- Side strapsThe side straps work in tandem with the side pockets to keep your stuff safely secured.Quality-------The quality of this backpack is top-notch. The stitching and the materials used are very high quality. The insides are lined with nylon (makes backpack water-resistant).---I absolutely love the High Sierra Loop Backpack. It is just the right size for me, it has plenty of pockets, and its quality is superb. If you're looking for a medium-sized backpack, this one is definitely worth consideration.", "sentiment": "positive", "topics": {"1": "0.17607173", "2": "0.2887654", "3": "0.17364222", "4": "0.0880833", "5": "0.15608102", "6": "0.115235075"}}