{"text": "This watch is a welcome change sfter three years with the only Casio watch I've ever disliked (see my review of the Casio W752D-1AV).  This watch is good looking and mostly well laid out, with two exceptions.It's my first analog face watch since I was a kid, and I find that I like displaying time this way.  You don't need to read the watch to tell time; just glancing at the position of the hands does it.  One thing you need to be aware of though: if you want to display the date or alarm in the tiny digital window, you'll have to set the time twice: once for the analog face and separately for the digital.  Setting the analog face time is simple: just pull out the stem, turn it to the right time, and push the stem back in to set the time. Setting the digital time is a similar procedure to any other digital time piece.The backlight is very bright, making the analog face very easy to read at night, but I try to avoid this so I can conserve the battery.I only have two complaints, both of them about the digital display window:1) The way it displays the date and the day of the week.  There's no space where you'd expect it, between the date and the day, but the is a space where you don't expect it, separating the two letters of the day.  For example, I'm writing this on Tuesday November 15.  This displays on the watch as \"11-15T U\".  It's not a huge problem but it is a constant annoyance and makes it somewhat harder to decipher under low light.2) The digital window is very small, making it difficult to read under low light conditions.  I doubt whether I'll use the chronograph very often for this reason.I've owned the AQ150W-1EV Ana-Digi for almost two weeks.  If problems turn up, I'll update this review, but so far, I am very glad I choose this watch.UPDATE #1:After three months of ownership, I have three observations to make:1) After you get used to a digital watch face, it's much easier to read than a digital face, especially under low light conditions and without wearing glasses.  Rather than reading numbers, I just look at the position of the gold hands on the black background.  This is not only convenient, it extends battery life because I never need to use the watch's built-in light.2) The clear crystal is already scratched, despite the fact that I work at a desk and don't expose it to rough conditions.  This happened to my last Casio also, but never happened to any of the Casio's I owned for decades before, so it must be a recent trend.3) The little window with the date and chronograph is so small that it's useless.  I never even look at it.Overall I still like this watch after three months and would buy it again.UPDATE #2, after 18 months of ownership:The watch band broke. Casio has discontinued this band, even though the watch is still being sold.  I replaced the band with a \"Chums The Band 20mm Watch Band\", which is only $5.76 as of this writing (May 2013). The band is a tight fit for this watch - I had to use small, sharp needle nose pliers to pull the strap on.  Once on, it's a good fit.Except for the band, I'm still happy with this watch.  I'm especially glad that the face has not scratched badly like my previous Casio watch.  This one just shows the expected wear and tear. I was concerned whens scratches appeared soon after I started wearing it, but after 18 months they are much less noticeable than on my previous Casio watch.It's a good looking watch, it's easy to read the time on it, and setting daylight savings on and off is much easier than with digital face watches.  I don't use the digital functions at all.  They're too small to be really useful.  For chronograph functions I use a separate heart rate monitor.", "sentiment": "negative", "topics": {"0": "0.0588117", "1": "0.14544098", "2": "0.21277013", "3": "0.14038818", "4": "0.16110206", "5": "0.12842448", "6": "0.15306246"}}